People can do all kinds of things that maybe aren't wise in hindsight because of jealousy. - Kristin Bauer van Straten
We may think there is willpower involved, but more likely... change is due to want power. Wanting the new addiction more than the old one. Wanting the new me in preference to the person I am now. - George A. Sheehan
The problem is not whether business will survive in competition with business, but whether business will survive at all in the face of social change. - McGinley, Laurence Joseph
Suspicion is the companion of mean souls, and the bane of all good society. - Thomas Paine
Everything that looks to the future elevates human nature. - Walter Savage Landor
There's an internal battle. I need to work, I need to work, I need to work and I need to be home with my kids and the kids win. - Jennifer Garner
The new pope knows that his task is to make the light of Christ shine before men and women of world - not his own light, but that of Christ. - Pope Benedict XVI
The thinner the ice, the more anxious is everyone to see whether it will bear. - Josh Billings
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age. - Pope John XXIII
Tomorrow is a satire on today, And shows its weakness. - Young, Edward
I wanted my dad to be proud of me, and I fell into acting because there wasn't anything else I could do, and in it I found a discipline that I wanted to keep coming back to, that I love and I learn about every day. - Tom Hardy
Christmas in Bethlehem. The ancient dream: a cold, clear night made brilliant by a glorious star, the smell of incense, shepherds and wise men falling to their knees in adoration of the sweet baby, the incarnation of perfect love. - Lucinda Franks
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure. - Zig Ziglar
I rise today to discuss the National Intelligence Reform bill. I commend my colleagues in both Houses for their hard work in coming to an agreement. As with any conference, each voice is heard, but none can dominate and compromise must be achieved. - Ted Stevens
The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury. - Charlie Chaplin
I hope to find the roles that are age appropriate but not yearning to be younger, or parenting ad nauseam. - Debra Winger
History is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind. - Edward Gibbon
When you are older you will understand how precious little things, seemingly of no value in themselves, can be loved and prized above all price when they convey the love and thoughtfulness of a good heart. - Edwin Booth
I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life? - Loretta Young
I've had such a great track record in making a huge profit when the movies are smaller. - Harvey Weinstein
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments. - Chris Rock
I did my time for the rape. I paid my money to Las Vegas. I paid my dues. - Mike Tyson
My mom's hot. I mean she's old, but my mom's out of control. - Paul Walker
That was really so upsetting when you are trying to pass on some very serious knowledge and be basically, treated worse than a student coming off the street because his father pays the tuition. Come on. Give me a break. This is no school. This is a joke. - Miroslav Vitous
Everyone talks about age, but it's not about age. It's about work ethic. Winning never gets old. - Lisa Leslie
In human history, the desire for revenge and the desire for loot have often been closely associated. - John McCarthy
IBM was the original contractor for much of the computer interface design on the film. - Douglas Trumbull
I have been doing marriage counseling for about 15 years and I realized that what makes one person feel loved, doesn't make another person feel loved. - Gary Chapman
I think there's a suspicion in the South of people putting on airs. You see it in most successful Southern politicians, but you also see it in someone like Richard Petty, who may be a multimillionaire stock car driver, but he's also beloved because he has a nice self-deprecatory way about him. - John Shelton Reed
Coal is absolutely critical to our nation's economic health and global competitiveness. - Jerry Costello
In all my career, in my ups and downs, I've never had a beauty campaign. This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign. It made me feel really great. - Teri Hatcher
First of all, plain and simple, you have no real idea of what it means to be famous until you become famous. It's a double-edged sword. Obviously there are a lot of amazing things about fame, but there are also a lot of challenging things about it. - Michelle Pfeiffer
Politically, Obama's amazing streak of self-destructing opponents who have lain beneath his feet during his unlikely political career appears to be holding. - Eric Alterman
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. - Henry David Thoreau
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful. - Jacqueline Bisset
It's really cool to see glowsticks at the show, to see dance music culture infiltrating and becoming one with the metal community. - Jonathan Davis
Instead of causing us to remember the past like the old monuments, the new monuments seem to cause us to forget the future. - Robert Smithson
The history of the world is the world's court of justice. - Friedrich Schiller
I am not quite sure where home is right now. I do have places in London and Milan, and a house in Spain. I guess I would say home is where my mother is, and she lives in Spain. - Sarah Brightman
Religion. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable. - Ambrose Bierce
Cruelty is a tyrant that's always attended with fear. - Thomas Fuller
I love the freedom that the narrative form provides. - Sidney Sheldon
Defense is a definite part of the game, and a great part of defense is learning to play it without fouling. - John Wooden
To really be centered and to really work well and to think about the kinds of things that I need to think about, I need to spend large amounts of time alone. - Donna Tartt
A lot of good arguments are spoiled by some fool who knows what he is talking about. - Miguel de Unamuno
I think feminism's a bit misinterpreted. It was about casting off all gender roles. There's nothing wrong with a man holding a door open for a girl. But we sort of threw away all the rules, so everybody's confused. And dating becomes a sloppy, uncomfortable, unpleasant thing. - Zosia Mamet
The reason for the slow progress of the world seems to lie in a single fact. Every man is born under the yoke, and grows up beneath the oppressions of his age. - John Jay Chapman
As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one else's, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids. - Michelle Obama
Persons famous in the arts partake of the immortality of princes, and are upon a footing with them. - Francis I
I don't like definitions, but if there is a definition of freedom, it would be when you have control over your reality to transform it, to change it, rather than having it imposed upon you. You can't really ask for more than. - Mark Knopfler
Everything that's cool that happens, I look at my wife and I say, 'We need to enjoy this moment right here! This is really special!' - Joe Nichols
I have a book coming out in September, for example, where the plot concerns counterfeiting, and I had to do a lot of research on that. Or on any legal matters, for example, I have to do a lot of research online. - Evan Hunter
Republican values - strong families, faith, personal responsibility and freedom, among others - are not unique to specific subsets of the electorate. They are universal values, and it is Republicans' job to remind Americans of that fact. - Gary Bauer
The flesh endures the storms of the present alone the mind, those of the past and future as well as the present. Gluttony is a lust of the mind. - Thomas Hobbes
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
If I could create one job in the private sector by helping to grow a business, that would be one more than Congress has created in the last six months. - Evan Bayh
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society. - William Makepeace Thackeray
Education is the vaccine for violence. - Edward James Olmos
For a man to attain to an eminent degree in learning costs him time, watching, hunger, nakedness, dizziness in the head, weakness in the stomach, and other inconveniences. - Miguel de Cervantes
You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership. Because you learn how not to do it. And, therefore, you learn how to do it. - Norman Schwarzkopf
The point is that I don't design stuff for myself. I'm a toolmaker. I design things that other people want to use. - Robert Moog
I work with really cool people, and so far I haven't been approached in any embarrassing manner when it comes to image. - Sondre Lerche
There is no greater excitement than to support an intellectual wife and have her support you. Marriage is a partnership in which each inspires the other, and brings fruition to both of you. - Millicent Carey McIntosh
At home I am a nice guy: but I don't want the world to know. Humble people, I've found, don't get very far. - Muhammad Ali
Man should not try to avoid stress any more than he would shun food, love or exercise. - Hans Selye
I think that Obama is very cool. And I think he's clever, and I think he can be witty. But I don't think he's funny in either the way that Reagan was funny - or John McCain and Dick Cheney are both funny in that ruthless, kind of mean way. - Mo Rocca
Fame does lead to money, which I don't have a close relationship with. I'm the kind of guy who never sees the money - it all goes somewhere else. I don't understand it, I don't like to deal with it. I have a fear of not having it, because I grew up without it. - David Duchovny
The most useless are those who never change through the years. - James M. Barrie
I am a dreamer. Seriously, I'm living on another planet. - Eva Green
It was deeply important for me to understand where Mandela came from. Because we know where he was going, and that's a famous story, but who was he? Where did he come from? What was his upbringing? - Idris Elba
The older I get, the more I see that there really aren't huge zeniths of happiness or a huge abyss of darkness as much as there used to be. I tend to walk a middle ground. - Paula Cole
Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out. - Carl Sagan
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living. - Gail Sheehy
Only a fool does not fear actors, but you can't beat them, and if you can't beat them, join them, as they say. As I've got older I've become very interested in that part of the work. - Lars von Trier
These days, with 'American Idol' and all the other reality shows, young people become famous overnight, and that can be very difficult to handle, the way photographers follow you around and study your every move. - Barry Manilow
If we as a society are willing to have a preference for organic food, the farmer can pass on the savings. - Robert Patterson
I'm very happy to hear that my work inspires writers and painters. It's the most beautiful compliment, the greatest reward. Art should always be an exchange. - Nick Cave
I think I've spent so much time playing characters that are so far away from me and learning how to technically build and how to technically put something on top of you. - Josh Lucas
The years like great black oxen tread the world, and God, the herdsman goads them on behind, and I am broken by their passing feet. - William Butler Yeats
The world of knowledge takes a crazy turn when teachers themselves are taught to learn. - Bertolt Brecht
A month before graduation I got an off-Broadway job. Then I did some commercials, including one for MCI. You can only see half of me, but it paid well. Thank God for commercials. - Lee Pace
I love romance. I'm a sucker for it. I love it so much. It's pathetic. - Drew Barrymore
I am happy as happiness goes, for a woman who has so many memories and who lives the lonely life of an actress. - Lillie Langtry
Spider-Man's probably my favorite. You see, Batman is a billionaire and there's nothing really cool about a billionaire saving the world. But Spider-Man is Peter Parker, a conflicted character who puts on a suit and saves the world. I love that. - Zac Efron
And to this day, my Mom is my role model. - Paul Ryan
Act happy, feel happy, be happy, without a reason in the world. Then you can love, and do what you will. - Dan Millman
Craziest thing I've done for love is getting married. I think it's crazy. I think it's crazy, crazy, crazy. I'm never going to say I wouldn't do it again but I have to make sure it's love and not settling for the 'I have to do this by a certain age,' which is kind of what I did. - Jenny McCarthy
Wait for the Lord. Behave yourself manfully, and be of good courage. Do not be faithless, but stay in your place and do not turn back. - Thomas a Kempis
My sense of the family history is somewhat sketchy, because my mother kept a great deal to herself. - Julie Andrews
I am against nature. I don't dig nature at all. I think nature is very unnatural. I think the truly natural things are dreams, which nature can't touch with decay. - Bob Dylan
To have courage for whatever comes in life - everything lies in that. - Saint Teresa of Avila
It's up to you to be responsible for how you feel if you're not happy. Your happiness lies in your hands. You can't rely on a man to make you happy or complete you. That starts with you. - Taraji P. Henson
I feel lazy when I'm not working. I learned all my business sense from my dad. He always believed in me, and I think the last thing he said to me before he passed away was, 'I know you're gonna be OK. I'm not worried about you'. - Kim Kardashian
Everybody thinks I'm at death's door, but I'm not. There's nothing seriously wrong with me, and my heart is in 100 percent working order. Anything else you may hear is a damn lie! - Bobby Darin
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. - Mark Twain
There are many countries where you can only believe more or you can believe less. But in the United States we have this incredible smorgasbord, and it really interests me why people are drawn to one faith rather than another, especially to a system of belief that to an outsider seems absurd or dangerous. - Lawrence Wright
If God listened to the prayers of men, all men would quickly have perished: for they are forever praying for evil against one another. - Epicurus
I think women look for that quality in a man of being a good dad whether they're immediately wanting to be a parent or not. - Emily VanCamp
Sometimes, when my wife and I were going out to dinner, I would take my laptop with me and work in the car, so as to take advantage of the half hour going and coming. - Thomas Friedman
When we were growing up our parents somehow made it clear that being famous was good. And I mistakenly thought that if I was famous then everyone would love me. - Ellen DeGeneres
Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men. - W. E. B. Du Bois
Buying a car used to be an experience so soul-scorching, so confidence-splattering, so existentially rattling that an entire car company was based on the promise that you wouldn't have to come in contact with it. - Susan Orlean
I learned that people everywhere are basically the same and have similar goals that we do. They want health and happiness and the opportunity to provide for their families. - Steve Kerr
You don't want too much fear in a market, because people will be blinded to some very good buying opportunities. You don't want too much complacency because people will be blinded to some risk. - Ron Chernow
Denmark needs change, Denmark needs to move on and Denmark needs my leadership. - Helle Thorning-Schmidt
That fear first created the gods is perhaps as true as anything so brief could be on so great a subject. - George Santayana
Famous people feel that they must perpetually be on the crest of the wave, not realising that it is against all the rules of life. You can't be on top all the time, it isn't natural. - Olivia De Havilland
A series of rumors about my attitude, as well as derogatory remarks about myself and my family showed me that the personal resentment of the Detroit general manager toward me would make it impossible for me to continue playing hockey in Detroit. - Ted Lindsay
Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress. - Bruce Barton
Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living. - John Dewey
I'm a very professional man. I'm not out for the experience of adventure. - Werner Herzog
My parents have a wonderful marriage, for many years. But I can't commit myself for such a long time. - Kim Wilde
All this talk about equality. The only thing people really have in common is that they are all going to die. - Bob Dylan
No matter how good you are, how brave you are or anything, it comes down to that car so many times. Not every time, but so many times. - Danica Patrick
Once in his life, every man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead. - Lucille Ball
No one was ever great without some portion of divine inspiration. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
I'm as obsessive with health as I was with destruction. - Dave Navarro
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors. - Tony Robbins
I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily. - Lil' Kim
My gut feelings and my faith tell me that until God shuts a door, no human can shut it. - Olusegun Obasanjo
There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families. - Margaret Thatcher
Reason respects the differences, and imagination the similitudes of things. - Percy Bysshe Shelley
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen. - La Rochefoucauld, Fran?ois
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition. - Marilyn Monroe
Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it. - Edmund Burke
I had an amazing childhood, lots of love. But my dad worked his tail off, getting up at 4 in the morning and going off at 5, 6 o'clock, yet he always had time to spend with his kids and his wife. - Criss Angel
Sorrow happens, hardship happens, the hell with it, who never knew the price of happiness, will not be happy. - Yevgeny Yevtushenko
Yes, all my songs come from personal experience and relationships. - Rick Springfield
Sometimes you're famous before you're good. - Maggie Q
The standard rumor at the time was that Rumsfeld, as chief of staff, had persuaded President Ford to appoint George H.W. Bush as director of Central Intelligence, assuming that that got rid of a potential competitor for the presidency. - Bobby Ray Inman
Among the New Hollanders whom we were thus engaged with, there was one who by his appearance and carriage, as well in the morning as this afternoon, seemed to be the chief of them, and a kind of prince or captain among them. - William Dampier
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for. - Brittany Murphy
The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me." - Billy Graham
The growth of technology is such that it is not possible today for a nuclear physicist to switch into medical physics without training. The field is now much more technical. More training is needed to do the job. - John Cameron
I'm really happy here. I think anyone who knows me well, and the fans too I hope, they know that I love the area, and the bond that I've had with the fans has been fantastic. - Frank Lampard
Great hopes make great men. - Thomas Fuller
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient. - Sivananda
The first duty of government is to see that people have food, fuel, and clothes. The second, that they have means of moral and intellectual education. - John Ruskin
Public-opinion polls show that Americans split about evenly on civil unions. But when the words 'gay marriage' are presented, they break 3-to-1 against it. - Dick Morris
For me, I am still very happy to be able to do stage design as it's an opportunity to express the extreme. - Christian Lacroix
But although Australia was also involved in the Vietnam conflict, I can remember my dad telling us that if we were in Australia, we wouldn't be drafted until we were 20. - Mel Gibson
You know, sometimes I feel well and vital in the world, and sometimes I just feel so distressed I want to pull my hair out by the roots. - Sharon Stone
Great dislike to the Bible was shown by those who conversed with me about it, and several have remarked to me, at different times, that if it were not for that book, Catholics would never be led to renounce their own faith. - Maria Monk
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship. - William Blake
The principal contributor to loneliness in this country is television. What happens is that the family 'gets together' alone. - Ashley Montagu
Nothing can atone for the lack of modesty without which beauty is ungraceful and wit detestable. - Richard Steele
I think kids slowly begin to realize that what they're learning relates to other things they know. Then learning starts to get more and more exciting. - Norton Juster
If you have love in your life, it can make up for a great many things that are missing. If you don't have love in your life, no matter what else there is, it's not enough. - Ann Landers
In times such as these, people should recognize that evil knows no borders, knows no limits and knows no compassion. Those around the globe that value freedom must continue to persevere even in the darkest of times. - Michael Burgess
Conventional wisdom on government's role in inequality often has it backwards. Tax reforms have resulted in a more progressive federal income tax government transfer payments have become less progressive. - Paul Ryan
The eventual place the American army should take on the western front was to a large extent influenced by the vital question of communication and supply. - Kelly Miller
At the root of the shy temperament is a deep fear of social judgment, one so severe it can sometimes be crippling. Introverted people don't worry unduly about whether they'll be found wanting, they just find too much socializing exhausting and would prefer either to be alone or in the company of a select few people. - Jeffrey Kluger
I was willing to accept what I couldn't change. - Abdul Kalam
We were racing at circuits where there were no crash barriers in front of the pits, and fuel was lying about in churns in the pit lane. A car could easily crash into the pits at any time. It was ridiculous. - Jackie Stewart
The failure of Christianity in the areas west from Sicily was even greater, and was increased by the spread of Arab outlooks and influence to that area, and especially to Spain. - Carroll Quigley
Most fear stems from sin to limit one's sins, one must assuredly limit one's fear, thereby bringing more peace to one's spirit. - Marvin Gaye
I've never been a hands-on dad. I'm not ashamed to admit it, but you can't run a restaurant and be home for tea at 4:30 and bath and change nappies. - Gordon Ramsay
I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose. - Arthur Conan Doyle
Whatever the universal nature assigns to any man at any time is for the good of that man at that time. - Marcus Aurelius
While it's really hard to do, at the same time, I'm escaping my body, which I really want to do. I'm living someone else's life. I get very intensely into the story, into the interviews and the research. I'm experiencing things along with my subjects. I have a freedom I don't have in my physical life. - Laura Hillenbrand
I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to. - Jimi Hendrix
The history of my life must begin by the earliest circumstance which my memory can evoke it will therefore commence when I had attained the age of eight years and four months. - Giacomo Casanova
I love dogs. They live in the moment and don't care about anything except affection and food. They're loyal and happy. Humans are just too damn complicated. - David Duchovny
If I test the car for a year I can be quite competitive the next season. - Valentino Rossi
I am sensitive to the value of faith and religion and spirituality in people's lives because I'm a journalist. - Peter Jennings
It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home. - Elizabeth Edwards
I had a vision how it should sound and I put all my knowledge into this product and it is a fantastic product. People still tell me that I have the best musical thing there. - Miroslav Vitous
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one's self, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions. - Joseph Addison
My dad left when I was 3 1/2, and he left my mom and I. - David Cassidy
I ask the rights to pursue happiness by having a voice in that government to which I am accountable. - Victoria Woodhull
Justin Timberlake is everything, and what more could you want in a person? He's funny. He's cute. He's great. He just understands. I get him and he gets me, and that's cool. - Britney Spears
All my day is spent dealing with other people. When I come home I like it to be empty. The presence of others in my house kind of annoys me. I love coming home and shutting the doors. I feel brain dead. I'm relatively available, but not to live with. - Graham Norton
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it. - Kanye West
There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come. - Hugo, Victor
To a historian libraries are food, shelter, and even muse. - Barbara Tuchman
Christianity is not the faith of the complacent, the comfortable or of the timid. It demands and creates heroic souls like Wesley, Wilberforce, Bonhoeffer, John Paul the Second, and Billy Graham. Each showed, in their own way, the relentless and powerful influence of the message of Jesus Christ. - Mitt Romney
Start living now. Stop saving the good china for that special occasion. Stop withholding your love until that special person materializes. Every day you are alive is a special occasion. Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God. - Mary Manin Morrissey
Humor has become so cliche and boring that nothing's funny anymore unless it involves something totally disgusting that offends somebody or makes them feel really uncomfortable. - Tom DeLonge
Marriage is a bribe to make the housekeeper think she's a householder. - Thornton Wilder
The public sector certainly includes the Department of Labor. Those are jobs that are available. They are open and they are good paying jobs. The government as a whole has been actually retrenching under President Clinton's leadership. - Alexis Herman
Nothing in life is as good as the marriage of true minds between man and woman. As good? It is life itself. - Pearl S. Buck
We're learning as we go. We're a lot smarter this time. We understand what it takes to mobilize away from the threat of a hurricane. - Ray Nagin
Faith is the virtue by which, clinging-to the faithfulness of God, we lean upon him, so that we may obtain what he gives to us. - William Ames
The sole substitute for an experience which we have not ourselves lived through is art and literature. - Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
I wanted to be a decorator. I wanted to interior design homes and do everything myself. - Ursula Andress
I think serial monogamy says it all. - Tracey Ullman
The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups. - Henry Hazlitt
A child's fear is a world whose dark corners are quite unknown to grownup people it has its sky and its abysses, a sky without stars, abysses into which no light can ever penetrate. - Julien Green
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. - Helen Keller
There are many victories worse than a defeat. - George Eliot
The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it. - Theodore Roosevelt
We're in a giant car heading towards a brick wall and everyone's arguing over where they're going to sit. - David Suzuki
We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of Nature has placed in our power... the battle, sir, is not to the strong alone it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave. - Patrick Henry
An identity would seem to be arrived at by the way in which the person faces and uses his experience. - James Baldwin
The more you are getting older, you lose a little something. Of course there is another advantage, because of your long experience you can use it. - Haile Gebrselassie
In a sacred ground like marriage, you find yourself out of it at certain times for reasons unknown that can be destructive. There could be a demon that kind of comes out and overtakes you. - David Boreanaz
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom. - Tim Allen
Learning to dislike children at an early age saves a lot of expense and aggravation later in life. - Robert Byrne
One of them, for example, which will probably haunt me more than any other is the problem of communication. - Georges Simenon
When I first started talking about gay marriage, most people in the gay community looked at me as if I was insane or possibly a fascist reactionary. - Andrew Sullivan
Compassion is a call, a demand of nature, to relieve the unhappy as hunger is a natural call for food. - Joseph Butler
Failure is unfortunately as common as success. - Sanjay Kumar
I would call it a comedy variety show. We have some people just doing straight standup. We usually try to have one musical act of sort. So its just people being funny in different ways, not just sketch, not just standup, not just characters, all of those things. - Todd Barry
As a planning board commissioner, I have to review the applications for development throughout the city, and the bulk of those applications have been for the waterfront. I think the progress the waterfront has made is amazing. - Vincent Frank
You are not alone with a guy until you are a proper age. You don't go to certain levels with men until you are married or you have a certain relationship. - Daisy Fuentes
Vocational education programs have made a real difference in the lives of countless young people nationwide they build self-confidence and leadership skills by allowing students to utilize their unique gifts and talents. - Conrad Burns
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil. - Baltasar Gracian
Feminism's agenda is basic: It asks that women not be forced to choose between public justice and private happiness. - Susan Faludi
Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding. - Gian Carlo Menotti
My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art I've been pursuing all my life. - Paul Cezanne
I'm not going chic, I swear. The geek endures. But, I mean, a snazzy cool suit looks good. - Jon Heder
It is more rewarding to watch money change the world than watch it accumulate. - Gloria Steinem
Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you. - Ernest Hemingway
Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know. - Keats, John
Most women are dissatisfied with their appearance - it's the stuff that fuels the beauty and fashion industries. - Annie Lennox
Scream was great for what it was. For a horror film, it was intelligent, it was funny, it took a laugh at itself. - Neve Campbell
Golf... is the infallible test. The man who can go into a patch of rough alone, with the knowledge that only God is watching him, and play his ball where it lies, is the man who will serve you faithfully and well. - P. G. Wodehouse
I desire no future that will break the ties with the past. - George Eliot
The Church is not a gallery for the exhibition of eminent Christians, but a school for the education of imperfect ones. - Henry Ward Beecher
There are nuclear weapons in China, Iran, Korea and Pakistan. It wouldn't take much to send a couple of warheads off on this planet somewhere that would cause a lot of environmental damage, then if you have got someone who wants to retaliate you have real problems. - Edward James Olmos
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune to keep him is a blessing. - Baltasar Gracian
Obviously, losing a parent is very difficult. I miss my dad every day, but I know he would be proud to see me continuing to swim and going for another shot at the Olympics. - Eric Shanteau
Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man. - Mahatma Gandhi
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
In the sixties, everyone you knew became famous. My flatmate was Terence Stamp. My barber was Vidal Sassoon. David Hockney did the menu in a restaurant I went to. I didn't know anyone unknown who didn't become famous. - Michael Caine
Don't be an art critic. Paint. There lies salvation. - Paul Cezanne
Many people consider the things government does for them to be social progress but they regard the things government does for others as socialism. - Earl Warren
But the best thing Washington can do for education is realize that our role is limited. Washington must keep its promises, but let those who know our childrens' names- parents, teachers and school board members- make education decisions. - Mark Kennedy
Everyone would be healthier if they didn't eat junk food. - Robert Atkins
Success can be insured only by devising a defense against the contingency plan. - Boyle, Charles P.
Mr. Arthur Ashe, he was good. I read some of his books. He knew about everything, but he was real quiet and didn't talk much. I never met him. - Mike Tyson
Nothing's beautiful from every point of view. - Horace
One of the big questions in the climate change debate: Are humans any smarter than frogs in a pot? If you put a frog in a pot and slowly turn up the heat, it won't jump out. Instead, it will enjoy the nice warm bath until it is cooked to death. We humans seem to be doing pretty much the same thing. - Jeff Goodell
The world is a crazy, beautiful, ugly complicated place, and it keeps moving on from crisis to strangeness to beauty to weirdness to tragedy. The caravan keeps moving on, and the job of the longform writer or filmmaker or radio broadcaster is to stop - is to pause - and when the caravan goes away, that's when this stuff comes. - David Remnick
Life is not what it's supposed to be. It's what it is. The way you cope with it is what makes the difference. - Virginia Satir
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being. - Lech Walesa
I became a larger than life figure for one reason only. When you're quoted in the 'Wall Street Journal,' the 'New York Times,' constantly as the expert in the business people assume you're a lot bigger than you are. And then I had to run like hell to catch up with my own image. - Barbara Corcoran
God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh. - Voltaire
Revolutions demand enormous sacrifices and, at the same time, create a new need to change the world again. - Friedrich Durrenmatt
I tried to stir the imagination and enthusiasms of students to take risks, to do what they were most afraid of doing, to widen their horizons of action. - James Broughton
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart. - Washington Irving
I am not fighting for success, just to get more beauty out of myself and share it with more people. - Ben Okri
Life... is not simply a series of exciting new ventures. The future is not always a whole new ball game. There tends to be unfinished business. One trails all sorts of things around with one, things that simply won't be got rid of. - Anita Brookner
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not a sense of humor to console him for what he is. - Francis Bacon
People who build family businesses are not classically trained. They have to deal with an enormous amount of politics. You think corporate politics are tough? Go work for your dad or your mom. - Gary Vaynerchuk
I just thank God for all of the blessings. - James Brown
I wish people would love everybody else the way they love me. It would be a better world. - Muhammad Ali
As crucial as religion has been and is to the life of the nation, America's unifying force has never been a specific faith, but a commitment to freedom - not least freedom of conscience. - Jon Meacham
I think I finally chose the graduate degree in engineering primarily because it only took one year and law school took three years, and I felt the pressure of being a little behind - although I was just 22. - Daniel J. Evans
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age? - Erich Fromm
Children who cling to parents or who don't want to leave home are stunted in their emotional, psychological growth. - Dirk Benedict
I love to swim for miles I could just go back and forth. - Jill Clayburgh
Their spirituality was in nature, even though Emerson was a preacher on the pulpit, he ended up going out into nature for direct, face-to-face communication with God, if you want to call all of this creation part of God. - Story Musgrave
I brought a lot of my own pieces of clothes to the design room when I first met with the design team just so they could see what my style was like. - Nastia Liukin
When I was growing up, I thought I'd be a lot happier if I was famous and successful and if I had money. - Russell Brand
The sea, the great unifier, is man's only hope. Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat. - Jacques Yves Cousteau
I think that the best training a top manager can be engaged in is management by example. - Carlos Ghosn
In a World where people are surrounded by darkness, ignorance and fear, it is a sign of hope to be celebrating Islam's message of peace and light, and the last great Messenger, born and chosen to deliver them to all mankind. - Cat Stevens
I will not, nor will I ever, publicly divulge sensitive intelligence sources and methods. For when that happens, our national security is endangered and lives can be lost. - John O. Brennan
I've always felt that if you back down from a fear, the ghost of that fear never goes away. It diminishes people. - Hugh Jackman
What a new face courage puts on everything!  - Emerson, Ralph Waldo
Death, the final, triumphant lover. - Bela Lugosi
That's one of the reasons I moved to Florida. Of course, the main reason is the weather and the training. But there's more jealousy in Switzerland because it's so little and they don't have so many athletes. - Martina Hingis
In times of change learners inherit the earth while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists. - Eric Hoffer
Have faith in God God has faith in you. - Edwin Louis Cole
In great contests each party claims to act in accordance with the will of God. Both may be, and one must be wrong. - Abraham Lincoln
I've told Billy if I ever caught him cheating, I wouldn't kill him because I love his children and they need a dad. But I would beat him up. I know where all of his sports injuries are. - Angelina Jolie
You always hear the phrase, money doesn't buy you happiness. But I always in the back of my mind figured a lot of money will buy you a little bit of happiness. But it's not really true. I got a new car because the old one's lease expired. - Sergey Brin
But the fact that same-sex marriage is still an issue is insane. Thinking love knows a sex is ridiculous. - Garret Dillahunt
It's easy for people in an air-conditioned room to continue with the policies of destruction of Mother Earth. We need instead to put ourselves in the shoes of families in Bolivia and worldwide that lack water and food and suffer misery and hunger. - Evo Morales
I never really got on that well with Yoko anyway. Strangely enough, I only started to get to know her after John's death. - Paul McCartney
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference. - Reinhold Niebuhr
People are more comfortable learning about wine because now they can just Google, you know, 'Soave,' and say, 'Oh, O.K., cool.' - Gary Vaynerchuk
Fortunately, somewhere between chance and mystery lies imagination, the only thing that protects our freedom, despite the fact that people keep trying to reduce it or kill it off altogether. - Luis Bunuel
I have yet to hear a man ask for advice on how to combine marriage and a career. - Gloria Steinem
When I was 24, I was full of life. I was that ham who wanted to be famous, a movie star, all that stuff. I think it's cool. But it was not what I was searching for, really. It was more a delusion. - Jean Claude Van Damme
I went through life like an idiot for a great deal of the time, saying there's nothing I would change. That was a very arrogant thing to say. There's a lot I would change. There are people I would have steered clear of. - Hugh Leonard
Local and regional food systems are about opportunity. - Tom Vilsack
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I graduated a the top of my class in the '84 Olympic Games I won a gold medal. - Scott Hamilton
This happiness consisted of nothing else but the harmony of the few things around me with my own existence, a feeling of contentment and well-being that needed no changes and no intensification. - Herman Hesse
I'm knocking our pitiful, pathetic lawmakers. And I thank God that President Bush has stated, we need a Constitutional amendment that states that marriage is between a man and a woman. - Jimmy Swaggart
Voters must have faith in the electoral process for our democracy to succeed. - Blanche Lincoln
Music is subjective to everyone's unique experience. - Jared Leto
I'm somebody who doesn't work with a stylist. I'll be honest with you, I'm a mom and it's just not something I want to put money toward because it's expensive to have somebody who helps dress you and I feel like I have to pay for preschool and so many things... so I don't have a stylist. - Busy Philipps
But I also like to shower my parents with presents. I bought them a beautiful car and a house. - Eva Herzigova
Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power. - John Steinbeck
Lead singers not only do the majority of the work, but their personalities are singled out and taken as the general attitude of the unit. - Martha Reeves
A vegetarian is a person who won't eat anything that can have children. - David Brenner
It wasn't like I was self-motivated. My dad started me. It was his dream before it was mine. - Venus Williams
Our last jam session was this past Christmas. Dad played his harmonica, mom sang in English and Italian, and I played guitar. I'm so happy that we could share that musical experience for one last time. - Tony Visconti
I'm very competitive by nature. And I like to be the underdog - It's the best way to win. To come from behind and win is a great feeling! - Zac Efron
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
Every child should have the opportunity to receive a quality education. - Bill Frist
I've had to be a man since I was 12 or 13. I had a job. And I was playing the piano for people twice my age. Handling responsibility is what makes a man a man. - Jamie Foxx
Faith, to my mind, is a stiffening process, a sort of mental starch. - E. M. Forster
A man of conviction is often more to be desired than a man of experience. - Curt Siodmak
Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator. - Glenn Hughes
Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits. - Thomas Jefferson
God wants us to prosper financially, to have plenty of money, to fulfill the destiny He has laid out for us. - Joel Osteen
Thank God every morning when you get up that you have something to do that day, which must be done, whether you like it or not. - James Russell Lowell
The Afghans did not have sophisticated weapons like the Soviets did, but with their faith they defeated a superpower. - Abu Bakar Bashir
Perhaps measuring animal intelligence by comparing it to human intelligence isn't the best litmus test. - Ingrid Newkirk
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. - Kevyn Aucoin
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation. - George Washington
One of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others. - Lewis Carroll
I could never dream of being cool. - Andrea Corr
I'm going to let people know that it's cool to have a child and be young and still be a good mom. It's really tough, but I'm doing it. - Brandy Norwood
My faith helps me overcome such negative emotions and find my equilibrium. - Dalai Lama
Life itself still remains a very effective therapist. - Karen Horney
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better. - Harry S. Truman
Baseball is the president tossing out the first ball of the season. And a scrubby schoolboy playing catch with his dad on a Mississippi farm. - Ernie Harwell
Obviously, in dealing with a relationship, sexuality has to be involved, and jealousy and emotions like that. And I don't know, I've always been intrigued by those emotions. - Adrian Lyne
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. - Michelangelo
It's very difficult for the American people to believe that our government, one of the richest on Earth, is also one of the stingiest on Earth. - Jimmy Carter
When I saw all those other drivers, I realized that they wanted to win that money just as much as I did. But I didn't have to worry. A tire came off my car and I was lucky I got it off the track. - Buck Baker
A great man is different from an eminent one in that he is ready to be the servant of the society. - B. R. Ambedkar
Happiness consists in activity. It is running steam, not a stagnant pool. - John Mason Good
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Confidence is that feeling by which the mind embarks in great and honorable courses with a sure hope and trust in itself. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Every government degenerates when trusted to the rulers of the people alone. The people themselves are its only safe depositories. - Thomas Jefferson
I used to hurt so badly that I'd ask God why, what have I done to deserve any of this? I feel now He was preparing me for this, for the future. That's the way I see it. - Eden Phillpotts
G is Grace, the Flaming Star is the Torch of Reason. Those who possess this knowledge are indeed Illuminati. - Adam Weishaupt
So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me 'Can you give me a lift?' I said 'Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it.'' - Tim Vine
Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials. - Lin Yutang
To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it. - Leo Tolstoy
Maybe you will be afraid and maybe you will fail, but the courage to take risks in any part of your life is, I feel, a very worthwhile way to live. - Emile Hirsch
There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt. - Erma Bombeck
At 3 years old, I was imitating and doing fun little commercials for the family. Then at 5, I knew, 'OK, this is something I really like.' At 8, I was crying in front of the mirror and my mom was like, 'Oh boy, here we go. We know what she's going to do.' - Lana Parrilla
While the State exists there can be no freedom when there is freedom there will be no State. - Vladimir Lenin
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it. - Steve Harvey
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be. - Thomas a Kempis
Collecting intelligence information is like trying to drink water out of a fire hydrant. You know, in hindsight It's great. The problem is there's a million dots at the time. - Louis Freeh
For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you don't want to stand out. You don't want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But I'm a product of nepotism. That's how I got my foot in the door, through my dad. - Jeff Bridges
Athletes are very cool to me. - Regina King
My mom taught me not to talk about money. - Hilary Duff
I had seen movies before that that had made me laugh, but I had never seen anything even remotely close to as funny as Richard Pryor was, just standing there talking. - Joe Rogan
One thing I've learned to appreciate as I've gotten a little older is direct forms of communication. - Billy Corgan
It is not until you become a mother that your judgment slowly turns to compassion and understanding. - Erma Bombeck
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly. - P. J. O'Rourke
Where there is an absence of international political leadership, civil society should step in to fill the gap, providing the energy and vision needed to move the world in a new and better direction. - Daisaku Ikeda
It is difficult, if not impossible, to argue that laws written in the 1970s are adequate for today's intelligence challenges. - Bob Barr
We need to be discussing issues specifically to help the American people. And that would not include illegal aliens. These are people - I'm for immigration - legal immigration. I've been an immigration attorney. But people who have come to our country and violated laws, we should not be providing full health care services. - Joe Wilson
Look, I want what's good for everybody. I want to promote good state education for all. I want to raise standards for all kids, irrespective of race and class but why can't they all just do what I say when I know I'm right? - Arabella Weir
All who call on God in true faith, earnestly from the heart, will certainly be heard, and will receive what they have asked and desired. - Martin Luther
Considered now as a possession, one may define culture as the residuum of a large body of useless knowledge that has been well and truly forgotten. - Albert J. Nock
The art of love is largely the art of persistence. - Albert Ellis
People can die of mere imagination. - Geoffrey Chaucer
There is only one thing that a man really wants to do, all his life and that is, to find his way to his God, his Morning Star, salute his fellow man, and enjoy the woman who has come the long way with him. - David Herbert Lawrence
The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship. - Jackie Kennedy
With paper printed books, you have certain freedoms. You can acquire the book anonymously by paying cash, which is the way I always buy books. I never use a credit card. I don't identify to any database when I buy books. Amazon takes away that freedom. - Richard Stallman
I don't think I'll ever feel as famous or as popular as I felt when I was a 17-year-old soccer player in Modle. Only about 20,000 people live there and 12,000 of them come to every game. Running onto the pitch each week was just the most fantastic feeling. Nothing can beat that. - Jo Nesbo
I've never done anything because I thought it would look cool. - John Mayer
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control these three alone lead one to sovereign power. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
Imagination disposes of everything it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world. - Blaise Pascal
To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination. - George Jean Nathan
Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas. - Laurence Sterne
I like the idea of dating, but I'm not dating anyone exclusively, particularly right now. It's hard to be in a relationship unless you're ready to go public with it. So it's a lot easier for me to not be in a relationship. I really don't want that part of my life to be tabloid fodder. - Cory Monteith
One person who has mastered life is better than a thousand persons who have mastered only the contents of books, but no one can get anything out of life without God. - Meister Eckhart
The history of modern art is also the history of the progressive loss of art's audience. Art has increasingly become the concern of the artist and the bafflement of the public. - Paul Gauguin
But having said that, there's also a sea change in attitude towards media. - Robert McChesney
I am convinced that your Mayor must take the leadership role in education too. - Alan Autry
My nickname for my mom was 'The Compass.' - Dane Cook
I don't want to discredit people's individuality, but I think people are pretty much the same. People are very similar. If you have a good enough imagination then you can feel things that you personally have never done before. That's acting. - Kristen Stewart
I am drawn to women who are independent and creative, which is problematic because it's a struggle, a competition of careers. There's jealousy. - Marilyn Manson
I hope America can also be the cultural leader of the world, and use this frontier spirit to lead and show others that we need courage to go places where we have not gone before. - Tadao Ando
I've just been learning how to direct my own videos, choreography, doing costumes... every creative opportunity there is with my music I've taken. - Santigold
He's a man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage. - George Bernard Shaw
Man is firmly convinced that he is awake in reality he is caught in a net of sleep and dreams which he has unconsciously woven himself. - Gustave Meyrink
Justice means minding one's own business and not meddling with other men's concerns. - Plato
The goal of NIH research is to acquire new knowledge to help prevent, detect, diagnose, and treat disease and disability, from the rarest genetic disorder to the common cold. - Ike Skelton
Testing oneself is best when done alone. - Jimmy Carter
For time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future. - John F. Kennedy
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I have always maintained a high level of fitness" - Johnny Depp
The current total of countries in the world with First Amendments is one. You have guaranteed freedom of speech. Other countries don't have that. - Neil Gaiman
My family were from Jamaica. - Diane Abbott
I want my boys to have an understanding of people's emotions, their insecurities, people's distress, and their hopes and dreams. - Princess Diana
Advertising: the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it. - Stephen Leacock
Being in control of your life and having realistic expectations about your day-to-day challenges are the keys to stress management, which is perhaps the most important ingredient to living a happy, healthy and rewarding life. - Marilu Henner
My good friends are Mormon, some of the best people I know. - Katherine Heigl
Knowledge about the economy, ideas about capitalism and government, the future of the world and geopolitics were things I was never really interested in. - Shia LaBeouf
It is those who concentrates on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. The great man or woman is the one who never steps outside his or her specialty or foolishly dissipates his or her individuality. - Og Mandino
The key is just to ignore the pain, because physical comedy only works if you see someone get hurt and they aren't actually hurt. If someone gets hit in the face with a bat, falls down, and gets back up, it's funny. If they stay down and their jaw is wired shut in the next scene, it's really tragic and weird. You have to pretend it doesn't hurt. - Chris Pratt
I was on the yearbook staff, so I would take out film cameras and Nikons and take photos around school and at sporting events and things like that. We had a darkroom as well. I just loved it. I also saved up for a video camera to video my friends and cut and paste the videos together and I gave them to all of my friends for graduation. - Dianna Agron
I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed. - Rush Limbaugh
Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are God. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are God. - Christopher Hitchens
Before we acquire great power we must acquire wisdom to use it well. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Numerous politicians have seized absolute power and muzzled the press. Never in history has the press seized absolute power and muzzled the politicians. - David Brinkley
I want to thank all the women who have worn my clothes, the famous and the unknown, who have been so faithful to me and given me so much joy. - Yves Saint Laurent
It's amazing that this is still news to people, but that affects the final outcome of the film. When people are treated well, and they're made to feel valued, they give 110 percent. - Adam Arkin
Jobs for every American is doomed to failure because of modern automation and production. We ought to recognize it and create an income-maintenance system so every single American has the dignity and the wherewithal for shelter, basic food, and medical care. I'm talking about welfare for all. Without it, you're going to have warfare for all. - Jerry Brown
Change is the end result of all true learning. - Leo Buscaglia
A writer should write with his eyes and a painter paint with his ears. - Gertrude Stein
I was dating a guy that was a huge wrestling fan and I'm embarrassed to say it now but I used to make fun of him for watching it. - Torrie Wilson
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade. - Baltasar Gracian
A complainer is like a Death Eater because there's a suction of negative energy. You can catch a great attitude from great people. - Barbara Corcoran
Because people have no thoughts to deal in, they deal cards, and try and win one another's money. Idiots! - Arthur Schopenhauer
Islam is a religion of success. Unlike Christianity, which has as its main image, in the west at least, a man dying in a devastating, disgraceful, helpless death. - Karen Armstrong
When we talk about how movies used to be made, it was over 100 years of film, literal, physical film, with emulsion, that we would expose to light and we would get pictures. - Keanu Reeves
Hitler and Mussolini were only the primary spokesmen for the attitude of domination and craving for power that are in the heart of almost everyone. Until the source is cleared, there will always be confusion and hate, wars and class antagonisms. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
A smile is happiness you'll find right under your nose. - Tom Wilson
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love. - Marilyn Monroe
A man who was completely innocent, offered himself as a sacrifice for the good of others, including his enemies, and became the ransom of the world. It was a perfect act. - Mahatma Gandhi
My dad had a commercial film company, so he had a videotape player before anyone. So he got Mel Brooks movies or Citizen Kane or some classic old movies. And every summer the revival house in Evanston would show the great films from the '50s and '60s and '70s. - John Cusack
Statistics suggest that when customers complain, business owners and managers ought to get excited about it. The complaining customer represents a huge opportunity for more business. - Zig Ziglar
Men use thought only as authority for their injustice, and employ speech only to conceal their thoughts. - Voltaire
Another nice thing was that I would type out letters home for the admiral's stewards. They would then feed me the same food the admiral ate. - Jack Adams
My cooking philosophy, what I try to do, is to make a cuisine where the produce and the product shines, compared to some current trends that are maybe more adding additional things, like molecular cuisine, with a lot of additives and chemicals, which are now showing that they could be bad for your health. - Joel Robuchon
The future is no more uncertain than the present. - Walt Whitman
If you're too embarrassed and want to hide behind your computer screen, that's what this is for. It's about building confidence and that's what U by Kotex does. Girls owning their bodies and health. - Khloe Kardashian
There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible. - Samuel Johnson
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards. - Joseph Ratzinger
The fact is that a car used by Gerry Adams and myself during the course of the Mitchell review was bugged by elements within British military intelligence. - Martin McGuinness
I just want to do what I do best, and that's fight. I love it. - Mike Tyson
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men. - Plato
The most important environmental issue is one that is rarely mentioned, and that is the lack of a conservation ethic in our culture. - Gaylord Nelson
Anger is an expensive luxury in which only men of certain income can indulge. - George William Curtis
A conversation is a dialogue, not a monologue. That's why there are so few good conversations: due to scarcity, two intelligent talkers seldom meet. - Truman Capote
It's a slight stretch of the imagination but most people are alike in most ways so I've never had any trouble identifying with the character that I'm playing. - Jack Nicholson
No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?  - Unknown
Without international participation, jobs and emissions will simply shift overseas to countries that require few, if any, environmental protections, harming the global environment as well as the U.S. economy. - Fred Upton
Great work is done by people who are not afraid to be great. - Fernando Flores
I can't find my car keys in the morning. Trying to get out of my house is a nightmare. 'Where's my wallet? Where are my keys? I have to go find a missing person.' - Anthony LaPaglia
I think it's been hard for people to understand how Islam can be a good religion, and yet the Islamists are evil. Those of us who have had experience with Islam understand this, just as we understand the difference between snake handlers and people going to church on Sunday morning. - P. J. O'Rourke
And in reality, I don't think it's a real documentary. It's more a story of her life. It's a story of survival. It's a story of the time in which she lived. The story of success and failure. - Maximilian Schell
People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didn't they? People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters. - Bill Gates
That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God. - Albert Einstein
Marriage is an institution fits in perfect harmony with the laws of nature whereas systems of slavery and segregation were designed to brutally oppress people and thereby violated the laws of nature. - Jack Kingston
Fear is a question. What are you afraid of and why? Our fears are a treasure house of self-knowledge if we explore them. - Marilyn French
While the resurrection promises us a new and perfect life in the future, God loves us too much to leave us alone to contend with the pain, guilt and loneliness of our present life. - Josh McDowell
Life has got a habit of not standing hitched. You got to ride it like you find it. You got to change with it. If a day goes by that don't change some of your old notions for new ones, that is just about like trying to milk a dead cow. - Woody Guthrie
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them? - Buddha
Feudal societies don't create great cinema we have great theatre. The egalitarian societies create great cinema. The Americans, the French. Because equality is sort of what the cinema deals with. It deals with stories which don't fall into 'Everybody in their place and who's who,' and all that. But the theatre's full of that. - Brian Cox
The beautiful thing about my intelligence is that it doesn't really come in one specific department. So even if something hasn't happened to me, I have information on how to get you through whatever you may be going through. - Tyrese Gibson
It seems to me that trying to live without friends is like milking a bear to get cream for your morning coffee. It is a whole lot of trouble, and then not worth much after you get it. - Zora Neale Hurston
Canada's a huge country, so to be able to unite the country through communication satellite technology or to be able to observe it through remote sensing technology from space is a natural fit for a country like Canada. - Marc Garneau
True intelligence requires fabulous imagination. - Ian Mcewan
My original inspiration was my mom: a few years after the death of my dad, she started dating one my teachers! - Meg Cabot
Ensuring quality higher education is one of the most important things we can do for future generations. - Ron Lewis
I don't think of myself as a poor deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, and I had to make good. - Oprah Winfrey
I wasn't afraid of getting old, because I was never a great beauty. - Shirley MacLaine
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future. - Bernard Meltzer
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future. - Steve Jobs
I feel akin to the Platypus. An orphan in a family. A swimmer, a recluse. Part bird, part fish, part lizard. - Trevor Dunn
Compared to a lot of actresses my age, I'm actually overweight. - Lindsay Lohan
And Shanghai is amazing. I'm a fan of science fiction so when you're there in the night with all the lights and all this modernity, it's like a set in a movie. - Berenice Marlohe
The design of the Mac wasn't what it looked like, although that was part of it. Primarily, it was how it worked. To design something really well, you have to get it. You have to really grok what it's all about. It takes a passionate commitment to really thoroughly understand something, chew it up, not just quickly swallow it. - Steve Jobs
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give. - E. O. Wilson
On the one hand, I've had such a normal upbringing with my mum, who has kept me grounded, but on the other, the wild experiences through my dad. - Julian Lennon
A wide screen just makes a bad film twice as bad. - Goldwyn, Samuel
If you are caught on a golf course during a storm and are afraid of lightning, hold up a 1-iron. Not even God can hit a 1-iron. - Lee Trevino
I had to act in a school play when I was about ten years old. I really didn't want to do it. But everyone had to do it so I didn't have a choice. A talent agent came and watched it and later gave me some work. It's funny because I'd always known that I wanted a movie career. I just didn't think that I would be in the movies. - Kristen Stewart
I'll always stay connected with Apple. I hope that throughout my life I'll sort of have the thread of my life and the thread of Apple weave in and out of each other, like a tapestry. There may be a few years when I'm not there, but I'll always come back. - Steve Jobs
The World Health Organization has recognized acupuncture as effective in treating mild to moderate depression. - Andrew Weil
Every silver lining has a cloud. - Mary Kay Ash
My only failure was the restaurant in Myrtle Beach. I kept it open for four years. It was in a tourist town, it was only busy four and half, five months of the year. But the bills kept coming all year. - Mickey Gilley
Pope John Paul II brought hope to all corners of the world, to people of all faiths and backgrounds, with his powerful belief in the human spirit. - Jerry Costello
The impressions of the spriritual experiences gave my future life its form and content. - Gustav Mahler
The fear of life is the favorite disease of the 20th century. - William Lyon Phelps
Those who want to reap the benefits of this great nation must bear the fatigue of supporting it. - Thomas Paine
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. - Confucius
In the NFL a lot of times everyone gets caught up in the business side of things. For them it's all about money and it really leaves a sour taste in your mouth. - Brett Favre
I'm enjoying myself this year and for once I'm not chasing my fitness. - Jamie Redknapp
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success. - Elbert Hubbard
It does not take much strength to do things, but it requires great strength to decide on what to do. - Elbert Hubbard
Remember that credit is money. - Benjamin Franklin
I don't think it's government's job to find health care for people. I think it's the individual's job to find health care. - Ted Cruz
Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep. - Lord Byron
My mom, Irmelin, taught me the value of life. Her own life was saved by my grandmother during World War II. - Leonardo DiCaprio
We must laugh before we are happy, for fear we die before we laugh at all. - Jean de La Fontaine
Observation more than books and experience more than persons, are the prime educators. - Amos Bronson Alcott
The life of a man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams, but in active charity and in willing service. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
In our minds, love and lust are really separated. It's hard to find someone that can be kind and you can trust enough to leave your kids with, and isn't afraid to throw her man up against the wall and lick him from head to toe. - Tori Amos
I'm too lazy and I like food and I like my free time too much to spend it working out! - Katherine Heigl
The great living experience for every man is his adventure into the woman. The man embraces in the woman all that is not himself, and from that one resultant, from that embrace, comes every new action. - David Herbert Lawrence
Never have partners. - Hughes
My dad was a huge country music fan, but he also had a band and he sang. So he'd listen to a lot of music and the songs that he'd learn for the band were more from the male artists. So my earliest country memories were Waylon Jennings, Conway Twitty, George Jones, Johnny Paycheck even. - Martina McBride
One accusation you can't throw at me is that I've always done my best. - Alan Shearer
The food in the House of Commons is fairly good. The cafe in Portcullis House is really very high quality, and you also have a choice of eating in the more traditional restaurants, the Churchill Room or the Members' Dining Room. I don't often eat in them, though, as I'm usually on the run. - Vince Cable
I am not saying that during the Second World War Germany did not, under the leadership of the National Socialist government, commit crimes. - Ernst Zundel
Everything has been said yet few have taken advantage of it. Since all our knowledge is essentially banal, it can only be of value to minds that are not. - Raoul Vaneigem
Character is higher than intellect. A great soul will be strong to live as well as think. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Whoever, fleeing marriage and the sorrows that women cause, does not wish to wed comes to a deadly old age. - Hesiod
As a rock star, I have two instincts, I want to have fun, and I want to change the world. I have a chance to do both. - Bono
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love. - Max Muller
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance. - Nathaniel Branden
When you think of what Americans accomplished, building these amazing cities and all the good it's done in the world, it's kind of disheartening to hear so much hatred of America, not just from abroad, but internally. - Frank Miller
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death. - William Blake
We can not continue to allow this over reliance on government to replace the cornerstone institution that has made the American experience possible. - Marco Rubio
The law does not pretend to punish everything that is dishonest. That would seriously interfere with business. - Clarence Darrow
I really feel like life will dictate itself. You should allow it to unfold as naturally as possible. Just go with the flow. When you're really desperate, you say a few prayers and hope for the best. That's the way I've always lived my life. - Shania Twain
I was married to someone who wanted me to change. Become more adult, more responsible. I began not to like myself, not like what I do. I lost my identity. Everything began collapsing around me. - Marilyn Manson
People with great gifts are easy to find, but symmetrical and balanced ones never. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
We've lost touch and allowed technology to take precedence over organic nature. But let's not forget that those microchips in our computers came from elements of the earth. - Emilio Estevez
At my age it is unseemly to be pessimistic. - Naguib Mahfouz
I believe consistency and orthogonality are tools of design, not the primary goal in design. - Yukihiro Matsumoto
Things can fall apart, or threaten to, for many reasons, and then there's got to be a leap of faith. Ultimately, when you're at the edge, you have to go forward or backward if you go forward, you have to jump together. - Yo-Yo Ma
We all have times when we go home at night and pull out our hair and feel misunderstood and lonely and like we're falling. I think the brain is such that there is always going to be something missing. - Jude Law
I consider my mom and all my sisters my friends. - Alexa Vega
Intelligence flourishes only in the ages when belief withers. - Emile M. Cioran
Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower. - Hans Christian Anderson
If you seek Hamilton's monument, look around. You are living in it. We honor Jefferson, but live in Hamilton's country, a mighty industrial nation with a strong central government. - George Will
Our fathers valued change for the sake of its results we value it in the act. - Alice Meynell
Where there is no imagination there is no horror. - Arthur Conan Doyle
There is so much good in the worst of us, and so much bad in the best of us, that it ill behaves any of us to find fault with the rest of us. - James Truslow Adams
It is impossible to love and to be wise. - Francis Bacon
One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom. - Thom Yorke
Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it. - C. S. Lewis
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions. - Leonardo da Vinci
It was the men I deceived the most that I loved the most. - Marguerite Duras
Workshops and seminars are basically financial speed dating for clueless people. - Doug Coupland
Murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums. - Peter De Vries
Prescription: A physician's guess at what will best prolong the situation with least harm to the patient. - Ambrose Bierce
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else. - Emily Dickinson
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade. - Tom Peters
A lot of stars don't have a sense of humor. - Kathy Griffin
There is a lot of strength and intelligence in Hollywood. - Fay Wray
The increase of scientific knowledge lies not only in the occasional milestones of science, but in the efforts of the very large body of men who with love and devotion observe and study nature. - Polykarp Kusch
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
You can get awful famous in this country in seven days. - Gary Hart
I quit doing the movies because the wrestling was going so good and was so on fire during the '80s and '90s, but I was getting all these movie scripts. - Hulk Hogan
I didn't come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. I'm proud of that. - Kid Rock
You have to understand the tone of the movie, because if it's supposed to be funny, it can be funny violent like the Home Alone stuff, but you have to really understand the tone of what you're doing and make the action work for that and for the character. - David R. Ellis
We want to repeal the ObamaCare tax. We want to save middle class families from European health care. And that's what we're going to do as a party and that's what Mitt Romney will do on day one. - Reince Priebus
I've gone very far, far away, but my character keeps me close to home. - Fran Drescher
One of the greatest gifts my father gave me - unintentionally - was witnessing the courage with which he bore adversity. We had a bit of a rollercoaster life with some really challenging financial periods. He was always unshaken, completely tranquil, the same ebullient, laughing, jovial man. - Ben Okri
While Taliban fighters had an initial claim to protection under the conventions, they lost POW status by failing to obey the standards of conduct for legal combatants: wearing uniforms, a responsible command structure, and obeying the laws of war. - John Yoo
All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality. - David Allan Coe
The main foundations of every state, new states as well as ancient or composite ones, are good laws and good arms you cannot have good laws without good arms, and where there are good arms, good laws inevitably follow. - Niccolo Machiavelli
It was physically difficult, adjusting to wheelchair life, but I remember a great relief and happiness that I was finally getting somewhere, finding musicians to work with that were sympathetic. - Robert Wyatt
What we've got here is a failure to communicate. - Donn Pearce
Throughout my life I have always been amazed that people couldn't listen to other people, that they couldn't hear their best intent, that there seemed to be an enormous need to demonize. - Warren Farrell
Freedom, morality, and the human dignity of the individual consists precisely in this that he does good not because he is forced to do so, but because he freely conceives it, wants it, and loves it. - Mikhail Bakunin
In America, Blackberry Farm in Tennessee is one of the most amazing hotels I've had the privilege of staying at. - Gail Simmons
My main point here is that if you are the child of God and God is a part of you, the in your imagination God suppose to look like you. And when you accept a picture of the deity assigned to you by another people, you become the spiritual prisoners of that other people. - John Henrik Clarke
Mystery is gone to the certainty of technological principles. So the real terror, the real aggression against life comes in the form of the pursuit of our technological happiness. - Godfrey Reggio
In Hollywood, you play a mom, and the next thing you know, you're on 'The Golden Girls.' They age you so fast. - Gabrielle Union
Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal. - Igor Stravinsky
I decided I ought to pick a project that would not be controversial, that would not really cost the government a lot of money. - Barbara Bush
If good history is dispassionate history, it must naturally wait until the passions of the period subside. - James Buchan
During the 1950s, Aristotle Onassis and I formed what grew to be a close friendship and association in several business ventures. - Paul Getty
A belief in God is vitally important, not just in show business, but stability in life. You know, to recognize deity is the most important thing that you can do. I mean, it comes to the Ten Commandments. They weren't ten suggestions. They were Ten Commandments. - Donny Osmond
Work is a prayer, and I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator. - Joe Murray
I got to work with one of my heroes, Johnny Depp, and to see how he goes about business, which was really inspiring for me at this stage in my career. - Orlando Bloom
The cars we drive say a lot about us. - Alexandra Paul
A lot of pop people out there are cool, but they overdo it. - Norah Jones
Keep courage. Whatever you do, do not feel sorry for yourself. You will win in a great age of opportunity. - Richard L. Evans
That is ever the way. 'Tis all jealousy to the bride and good wishes to the corpse. - James M. Barrie
I wish to be a martyr, and I don't fear death. - Muqtada al Sadr
It's incredible to have been part of fashion history - my whole career has been one big highlight. - Helena Christensen
Advertising ministers to the spiritual side of trade. It is great power that has been entrusted to your keeping which charges you with the high responsibility of inspiring and ennobling the commercial world. It is all part of the greater work of the regeneration and redemption of mankind. - Calvin Coolidge
Adapt yourself to the things among which your lot has been cast and love sincerely the fellow creatures with whom destiny has ordained that you shall live. - Marcus Aurelius
When I was 15, my parents left town for a month. They hid the keys to the car, but I found them. That month, I drove my stepdad's Thunderbird Super Coupe into Manhattan every day, and I would crank Cypress Hill as I flew around the city, racing the taxis. - Danny Masterson
Men will never establish any equality with which they can be contented. Whatever efforts a people may make, they will never succeed in reducing all the conditions of society to a perfect level. - de Tocqueville, Alexis
I do like to move and get physical in my movies. - Nicolas Cage
Man must search for what is right, and let happiness come on its own. - Johann Pestalozzi
Poets are the only people to whom love is not only a crucial, but an indispensable experience, which entitles them to mistake it for a universal one. - Hannah Arendt
The older generation had greater respect for land than science. But we live in an age when science, more than soil, has become the provider of growth and abundance. Living just on the land creates loneliness in an age of globality. - Shimon Peres
But if something funny happens, I can't resist. I have to tell the people. - Kathy Griffin
I've used the prestige and influence of having been a president of the United States as effectively as possible. And secondly, I've still been able to carry out my commitments to peace and human rights and environmental quality and freedom and democracy and so forth. - Jimmy Carter
I'm a total control freak and love to participate in the design of every single aspect of life. - Drew Barrymore
My father was the most rational and the most dispassionate of men. - Simon Newcomb
At one time there were voiceover artists, now there are celebrity voiceover artists. It's unfortunate because these people need the money less than the voiceover artist. - David Duchovny
In those early years in New York when I was a stranger in a big city, it was the companionship and later friendship which I was offered in the Linnean Society that was the most important thing in my life. - Ernst Mayr
When I'm living in the world of luxury and celebrity, which is where I found myself for a large part of my life, it's a walk-on part. Not a vital necessity, like it is for so many people. I enjoy it but I can see right through it! - Agnetha Faltskog
The Bee Gees who are brilliant, I just love great music. - Michael Jackson
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners. - Vladimir Lenin
The very definition of 'beauty' is outside. - Adam Carolla
Quite often - a lot of the work I had done had been extensively with women. Most especially in the theater, but also quite often in the movies. That has its own delights, and maybe pitfalls too. - John Malkovich
If people want to compete for leadership of a religious group, they can compete in piety. A chilling thought. Or funny. - Mary Douglas
It is part of a good man to do great and noble deeds, though he risk everything. - Plutarch
I've learned that every working mom is a superwoman. - Uma Thurman
Flexibility is crucial to my fitness. Incorporating a good warm-up and cool-down into every session decreases my chances of injury. I use both dynamic and static stretching in my training. I've starting doing a few yoga sessions which incorporates muscle strength and flexibility. - Samantha Stosur
My dad's a bodybuilder. My whole life I've been taught to train the hard way. I believe in earning strength, not buying it. My grandfather raised me old school: In baseball, you work for whatever you get. - Gary Sheffield
Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death. - Sun Tzu
I'm noticing a new approach to art making in recent museum and gallery shows. It flickered into focus at the New Museum's 'Younger Than Jesus' last year and ran through the Whitney Biennial, and I'm seeing it blossom and bear fruit at 'Greater New York,' MoMA P.S. 1's twice-a-decade extravaganza of emerging local talent. - Jerry Saltz
Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good. - Mahatma Gandhi
For 13 to be unlucky would require there to be some kind of cosmic intelligence that counts things that humans count and that also makes certain things happen on certain dates or in certain places according to whether the number 13 'is involved' or not (whatever 'is involved' might mean). - Douglas Hofstadter
Capucci was the biggest schooling I had. It wasn't just about the technical knowledge, such as color and volume, but also about the secret rules, and the beautiful codes of respect between the atelier and the master. - Giambattista Valli
Hope is the dream of a waking man. - Aristotle
Punishment may make us obey the orders we are given, but at best it will only teach an obedience to authority, not a self-control which enhances our self-respect. - Bruno Bettelheim
I couldn't help but to think back to my classmates at Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio. They had the same talent, the same brains, the same dreams as the folks we sat with at Stanford and Harvard. I realized the difference wasn't one of intelligence or drive. The difference was opportunity. - Julian Castro
I like to have a massage therapist come to my house, get a massage, take a bath, go to bed. That's a perfect night alone for me. - Stacy Keibler
Every piece of software written today is likely going to infringe on someone else's patent. - Miguel de Icaza
Sometimes - history needs a push. - Vladimir Lenin
I've always taken my love of children from my father. He was a children magnet. Suddenly, having my first child hit home what my dad went through. - Robert Carlyle
I lived in small town out in the desert and my friend used to steal his mom's car in the middle of the night. He'd drive over to my house, I'd sneak out and we'd go out to the desert and just burn things down. - Mark Hoppus
When motherhood becomes the fruit of a deep yearning, not the result of ignorance or accident, its children will become the foundation of a new race. - Margaret Sanger
Life is made up, not of great sacrifices or duties, but of little things, in which smiles and kindness, and small obligations given habitually, are what preserve the heart and secure comfort. - Humphry Davy
I would be willing to do almost anything to make Art happy. I care about our friendship. The only thing I won't do is change the essence of my work. - Paul Simon
The closest thing I use to beauty products is the grease on the pizza from John's Pizzeria. - Mark Feuerstein
Those who gave thee a body, furnished it with weakness but He who gave thee Soul, armed thee with resolution. Employ it, and thou art wise be wise and thou art happy. - Akhenaton
Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations. Expect the best of yourself, and then do what is necessary to make it a reality. - Ralph Marston
A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night. - Chanakya
Luis Bunuel made great movies. - Giancarlo Esposito
Republicans would have preferred the court overturn the health care bill, an act that would have underscored Obama's biggest liability - the perception among voters, including those who like and trust him, that he has been ineffective. - Ron Fournier
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap. - Fred Allen
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office. - Ambrose Bierce
If you have a particular faith or religion, that is good. But you can survive without it. - Dalai Lama
It's a miserable life in Hollywood. You're up at five or six o'clock in the morning to be ready to start shooting at nine. - William Wyler
It's nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. - Victoria Justice
Christmas is the time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it. Deficits are when adults tell government what they want and their kids pay for it. - Richard Lamm
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures. - Tom Peters
I worked at a hot dog place, a bagel place, the Jersey Store and the hottest fashion joint around. I was getting too famous to work there anymore. I was almost showing up as a joke. I made $2,000 on my show the previous night and I'm going to go shopping during my five-hour shift. - Wale
Solitude is not something you must hope for in the future. Rather, it is a deepening of the present, and unless you look for it in the present you will never find it. - Thomas Merton
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not the world is full of educated failures. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. - Calvin Coolidge
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery. - Erma Bombeck
Daddy was real gentle with kids. That's why I expected so much out of marriage, figuring that all men should be steady and pleasant. - Loretta Lynn
If you're married, and you have a wife, and you really love your wife, is it good enough to only say to your wife 'I love her' the day you get married? Or should you tell her every single day when you wake up and every opportunity? And that's how I feel about my relationship with Jesus Christ is that it is the most important thing in my life. - Tim Tebow
The reason for not getting married was that I just didn't have a partner to get married to. Climbing mountains was more attractive to me than marriage, or other fun things like that. - Tamae Watanabe
I stayed in Baghdad every summer until I was 14. My dad's sister is still there, but many of my relatives have managed to get out. People forget that there are still people there who are not radicalized in any particular direction, trying to live normal lives in a very difficult situation. - Andy Serkis
Only in growth, reform, and change, paradoxically enough, is true security to be found. - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Wisdom is knowledge which has become a part of one's being. - Orison Swett Marden
I believe that education is all about being excited about something. Seeing passion and enthusiasm helps push an educational message. - Steve Irwin
There are people and nations, Mother, that I would like to say to you by name. I entrust them to you in silence, I entrust them to you in the way that you know best. - Pope John Paul II
You can't be afraid of failure and you can't be afraid of success, because either one gets in the way of your work. - Dave Van Ronk
The process of learning requires not only hearing and applying but also forgetting and then remembering again. - John Gray
There are truths which are not for all men, nor for all times. - Voltaire
Happiness lies first of all in health. - George William Curtis
When you first get money, you buy all these things so no one thinks you're mean, and you spread it around. You get a chauffeur and you find yourself thrown around the back of this car and you think, I was happier when I had my own little car! I could drive myself! - Paul McCartney
Really, the potential for, first of all, any college graduate today is enormously good. These are good times for anyone with a college degree today, particularly African Americans. With a college degree today, you really breach the unemployment rate. - Alexis Herman
The most important thing I learned as a foreign correspondent in about 80 countries is that it takes a very shallow knowledge of history to think that there are solutions to most problems. - Robert D. Kaplan
My mom was a professional fitness competitor, so I go into the gym with her. I train with my dad and mother. It's embarrassing, because she's really strong. - Booboo Stewart
Apathy can be overcome by enthusiasm, and enthusiasm can only be aroused by two things: first, an ideal, with takes the imagination by storm, and second, a definite intelligible plan for carrying that ideal into practice. - Arnold J. Toynbee
I'm not really religious but very spiritual. I give money to this company that manufactures hearing aids on a regular basis. More people should really hear me sing. I have a gift from God. - Christina Aguilera
When I grew up there wasn't air-conditioning or anything of that nature, and this old car had a wall thickness of about ten inches. So we had a little warmer house in the winter and a little cooler in the summer. - Merle Haggard
I hate vacations. If you can build buildings, why sit on the beach? - Philip Johnson
Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost. - John Quincy Adams
Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind. - Daphne du Maurier
Acting is a life experience. I'm always learning things when I'm making a movie. So the fame part of it is fine when you consider what you get out of this job. - Kate Bosworth
Knowledge is soon changed, then lost in the mist, an echo half-heard. - Gene Wolfe
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
But my dad also was a remarkable man, a good person, a principled individual, a man of integrity. - Sidney Poitier
People just don't laugh when their family is violated, and you don't shrug it off. You band together and you defend together. It's a funny, primitive instinct. - Phillip Noyce
I feel like I am a real artist and I want to be able to feel what I am singing about. So when I sing, 'Leave (Get Out),' I have been through that. I think it is just a new generation, whether people are ready for it or not. Teenagers are dating. - JoJo
In some movies you feel like you're a very small part of a huge machine. Whereas in the theater you can have a very small part, but you can still feel the weight and the gravity of it. Given the nature of theater, it's a more concentrated and quiet experience. - Minnie Driver
Smartphones can relay patients' data to hospital computers in a continuous stream. Doctors can alter treatment regimens remotely, instead of making patients come in for a visit. - Charles C. Mann
You cannot be happy with your family while being personally unhappy with your work. It's a Catch-22 kind of thing. - Mikhail Baryshnikov
My mother was a professional sick person she took a lot of pain pills. There are many people like that. It's just how they are used to getting attention. I always remember she's the daughter of alcoholics who'd leave her alone at Christmas time. - Jim Carrey
I wanted my marriage to work, but it didn't. - Diane Abbott
Many smart folks seem to think that if you just get your metaphors and messages right, you'll win. That if you start describing what you favor as a 'moral value' - 'affordable health care is a moral value' etc., - then you'll appeal to red-state voters. - Eric Liu
Often times when you face such an overwhelming challenge as global climate change, it can be somewhat daunting - it's kind of like trying to lose weight, which I know something about. - Hillary Clinton
A beautiful eye makes silence eloquent, a kind eye makes contradiction an assent, an enraged eye makes beauty deformed. This little member gives life to every part about us; and I believe the story of Argu simplies no more, than the eye is in every part; that is to say, every other part would be mutilated, were not its force represented more by the eye than even by itself. - Addison, Joseph
Liberals tend to put the onus of your success on society and conservatives on you and your family. - Dennis Prager
When you start about family, about lineage and ancestry, you are talking about every person on earth. - Alex Haley
The humor section is the last place an author wants to be. They put your stuff next to collections of Cathy cartoons. - David Sedaris
I don't want to just do independent movies and I don't want to just do adventure films. I enjoy both, and I think both are cogent. - Nicolas Cage
It's not someone else's responsibility to honor my marriage. It's my responsibility. - David Duchovny
Heartache is very fertile ground for song-making but so is happiness, so is absolute bliss. - K. D. Lang
I think my type of personality has all music inside of it, so I am full of music, without even knowing it, without even learning it, without even hearing it. - Ziggy Marley
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone. - Anthony Burgess
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals I am a vegetarian because I hate plants. - A. Whitney Brown
The best way to be boring is to leave nothing out. - Voltaire
Because we have so much eye candy and mind candy, spending so much time trying to pay the rent, all of this conspires to keep us from thinking too hard or taking action from that. Our time is stolen. So much of our daily life is stolen. - Lydia Lunch
Man is fond of counting his troubles, but he does not count his joys. If he counted them up as he ought to, he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
As kids we're not taught how to deal with success we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what? - Charlie Sheen
Sometimes it's so weird just to do an interview. This morning I was back in my parents' house, with my brother, and we went for a jog together, then had breakfast as a family. And a couple of hours later I'm wearing high heels and a dress and makeup, and talking about my job. - Carey Mulligan
All the lessons of history in four sentences: Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad with power. The mills of God grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly small. The bee fertilizes the flower it robs. When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. - Charles A. Beard
There aren't many downsides to being rich, other than paying taxes and having relatives asking for money. But being famous, that's a 24 hour job right there. - Bill Murray
The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the Devil. - H. L. Mencken
The reason I never give up hope is because everything is so basically hopeless. - Anne Lamott
It is the most sensual men who need to flee women and torment their bodies. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Fortunately analysis is not the only way to resolve inner conflicts. Life itself still remains a very effective therapist. - Karen Horney
The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah. - Abu Bakr
Learning is its own exceeding great reward. - Hazlitt, William
Our only hope is to control the vote. - Medgar Evers
And remember don't high post when you're far from home, and high posting when you're all alone. - Mos Def
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth. - Chanakya
Politics would be a helluva good business if it weren't for the goddamned people. - Richard M. Nixon
Marriage, for a woman at least, hampers the two things that made life to me glorious - friendship and learning. - Jane Harrison
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young. - Henry Ford
I did my famous cabbage soup diet, so I was able to do it. - Ellen Burstyn
As you know from school, it's when you have not prepared for the test that you have the fear of failing. And if you have prepared, even if you fail, you've done your best. - Alice Walker
As your faith is strengthened you will find that there is no longer the need to have a sense of control, that things will flow as they will, and that you will flow with them, to your great delight and benefit. - Emmanuel Teney
Creative freedom is an imperative for me, but it doesn't really exist in a Hollywood game. - Mira Nair
The English language is nobody's special property. It is the property of the imagination: it is the property of the language itself. - Derek Walcott
I'd like to have the flying car, I think that'd be really cool. - Rupert Grint
And what, Socrates, is the food of the soul? Surely, I said, knowledge is the food of the soul. - Plato
I refuse to admit that I am more than fifty-two, even if that does make my sons illegitima - Astor, Lady Nancy
A lot of us grow up and we grow out of the literal interpretation that we get when we're children, but we bear the scars all our life. Whether they're scars of beauty or scars of ugliness, it's pretty much in the eye of the beholder. - Stephen King
To be an atheist requires an indefinitely greater measure of faith than to recieve all the great truths which atheism would deny. - Joseph Addison
It's like one of those dreams you have when someone is chasing you. You're running as fast as you can, and someone's trotting behind you, just out of range, trying to grab onto you. - Michael Chang
I thought Erica Jong's Fear of Flying was one of the biggest pieces of crap that I've ever read in my life. - Helen Reddy
Man does not live by words alone, despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them. - Adlai E. Stevenson
I showed that privacy was an implicit right in Jewish law, probably going back to the second or third century, when it was elaborated on in a legal way. - Norman Lamm
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
Writing poetry is the hard manual labor of the imagination. - Ishmael Reed
I don't think people have been able to deal with the fact that African American filmmakers can make movies about life and relationships. - Tim Robbins
I grew up in Texas and we used to go to Padre Island, eight hours in the car down to the beach. - St. Vincent
History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice. - Tim Pawlenty
One can know a man from his laugh, and if you like a man's laugh before you know anything of him, you may confidently say that he is a good man. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
You show your vulnerability through relationships, and those feelings are your soft spot. You need to have a soft spot. - Victoria Pratt
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another. - Helen Keller
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes. - Cato
Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other. - John Adams
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you. - Anne Lamott
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there. - Meister Eckhart
The inequalities are greater now than in '92. Some states have equalized per-pupil spending but they set the 'equal level' very low, so that wealthy districts simply raise extra money privately. - Jonathan Kozol
My father was the guy on the block who said hi to everyone. - Damon Wayans
Austin sounds a little bit like Aston Martin, which is the type of car James Bond would drive. - Mike Myers
I get up at an unholy hour in the morning my work day is completed by the time the sun rises. I have a slightly bad back which has made an enormous contribution to American literature. - David Eddings
If I did any movies I'd have to take a break from singing, because I'd want it to be really good. - Justin Timberlake
You cannot achieve environmental security and human development without addressing the basic issues of health and nutrition. - Gro Harlem Brundtland
I'm kind of a failure. I mean, I'll be honest. I'm successful in that I'm getting to work on great stuff, but I think I'm a failure in all the personal stuff that is most important to me. - Paul Feig
I spent a lot of my life holding back my cries, and I want to change that because it's not good for me. - Shania Twain
I know that campaigns can seem small, and even silly. Trivial things become big distractions. Serious issues become sound bites. And the truth gets buried under an avalanche of money and advertising. If you're sick of hearing me approve this message, believe me - so am I. - Barack Obama
Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
We lived in a one-bedroom apartment in Northwest D.C. I was essentially raised by a Panamanian man and a Jamaican woman. That's why I have such a fascination with Jamaican food. - Wale
Jealousy is the fear or apprehension of superiority: envy our uneasiness under it. - William Shenstone
I had in mind a message, although I hope it doesn't intrude too badly, persuading Americans, and especially Southerners, of the critical importance of land and our vanishing natural environment and wildlife. - E. O. Wilson
If you take a bunch of superstars and put them in a room where they don't have their assistants and entourage, it's funny to see what happens. - Daryl Hall
Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. - George Burns
Folks, the most insidious part of this whole health care scheme is that all of these vast medical expenditures will become nothing more than government budget items. We individuals will no longer exist. The relationship between a government and citizen will change forever. - Rush Limbaugh
I don't have a fear factor. Well, not much of one. And I'm willing to risk quite a lot - as a comedian, you're always risking a lot. You're risking failure, especially if you're improvising and going on TV shows trying to make comedy out of thin air. That is quite a risky business. - David Walliams
The human race, to which so many of my readers belong, has been playing at children's games from the beginning, and will probably do it till the end, which is a nuisance for the few people who grow up. And one of the games which it is most attached is called, "Keep tomorrow dark," and which is also named (by the rustics in Shropshire, I have no doubt) "Cheat the Prophet." The players listen very carefully and respectfully to all that the clever men have to say about what is to happen in the next generation. The players then wait until all the clever men are dead, and bury them nicely. Then they go and do something else. That is all. For a race of simple tastes, however, it is great fun. - Chesterson, G.K.
I believe there is a moral sense and a global ethic that commands attention from people of every religion and every faith, and people of no faith. But I think what's new is that we now have the capacity to communicate instantaneously across frontiers right across the world. - Gordon Brown
So we mustn't lower our guard in any sense because of what has happened in terms of the death of Osama Bin Laden and we are certainly not doing that. The terror threat level here in the U.K. remains at severe and we're very conscious of the need to continue that. - Theresa May
As the first Hispanic female governor in history, little girls often come up to me in the grocery store or the mall. They look and point, and when they get the courage, they ask 'Are you Susana?' and they run up and give me a hug. - Susana Martinez
I'm working harder than ever now, and I'm putting on my pants the same as I always have. I just get up every day and try to do a little better than the day before, and that is to run a great restaurant with great food, great wine, and great service. That's my philosophy. - Emeril Lagasse
When I started law school I was shocked to learn that our legal system traditionally had the man as the head and master of the family. As late as the '70s and '80s when we were fighting for the Equal Rights Amendment, states like Louisiana still had a head and master law. - Patricia Ireland
Rules and models destroy genius and art. - William Hazlitt
I feel monotony and death to be almost the same. - Charlotte Bronte
The civility which money will purchase, is rarely extended to those who have none. - Charles Dickens
Business is the salt of life. - Fuller, Thomas
Movies are different from real life. - Joseph Gordon-Levitt
There is danger in reckless change, but greater danger in blind conservatism. - Henry George
I feel funny about owning art. I don't really want to say: 'Wow, come and see my Monet - it's in a dark room at the bottom of my cellar.' - Baz Luhrmann
I want to see far more decisions taken far closer to the patients, the passengers and the pupils. Far more power for locally and regionally elected politicians who understand best the needs of their areas. And far more say too for the dedicated staff at all levels in health and education. - Charles Kennedy
Most of those who make collections of verse or epigram are like men eating cherries or oysters: they choose out the best at first, and end by eating all. - Nicolas Chamfort
The thing is this: You got to have fun while you're fightin' for freedom, 'cause you don't always win. - Molly Ivins
If I don't get paid I'm going to take a whole lot of Marshall amps home with me on the plane. - Tommy Chong
Plato's philosophy is a dignified preface to future religion. - Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit. - William J. Clinton
Love is the total absence of fear. Love asks no questions. Its natural state is one of extension and expansion, not comparison and measurement. - Gerald Jampolsky
My relationship with my mom is so amazing. We never got to have that stage that people go through, like when you're 13 and you think you're too cool for your parents. When you're embarrassed by them and stuff. We never went through that because I was constantly working and she constantly had to be there. - Hilary Duff
Art is beauty, the perpetual invention of detail, the choice of words, the exquisite care of execution. - Theophile Gautier
My mom is the backbone not just of my family but of many families. - Shia LaBeouf
The rule with my mom was that the only way that I could be an actress when I was young was that I continued to go to public school and get straight A's in all my classes. - Sara Paxton
It's not a sport you get famous at. If I wanted to be famous, I would have stuck with hockey. - Eric Heiden
Our democracy is the centerpiece of who we are as a nation. And it is the fondest hope of all Americans that we can help bring democracy to every corner of the world. - Barbara Boxer
As I've said, there were patriots who supported this war, and patriots who opposed it. And all of us are united in appreciation for our servicemen and women, and our hopes for Iraqis' future. - Barack Obama
Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success. - Mark Skousen
When I go to a concert, I can't help but feel happy and everything else just goes away. I hope everyone feels that way at my concerts. - Victoria Justice
My dad died when I was three so my mom had to raise four kids on her own, and I think there's a part of me that pulls upon having watched my mom do that our whole lives. She had to make it work. - Leslie Bibb
The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid. - Jane Austen
I am running for president to help create a better future. A future where everyone who wants a job can find one. Where no senior fears for the security of their retirement. An America where every parent knows that their child will get an education that leads them to a good job and a bright horizon. - Mitt Romney
I can get very philosophical and ask the questions Keats was asking as a young guy. What are we here for? What's a soul? What's it all about? What is thinking about, imagination? - Jane Campion
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. - Zig Ziglar
I had the good fortune of having a happy, closely knit family. - Carlos Fuentes
When you make the sacrifice in marriage, you're sacrificing not to each other but to unity in a relationship. - Campbell, Joseph
When the students are occupied, they're not juvenile delinquents. I believe that education is a capital investment. - Arlen Specter
I love readings and my readers, but the din of voices of the audience gives me stage fright, and the din of voices inside whisper that I am a fraud, and that the jig is up. Surely someone will rise up from the audience and say out loud that not only am I not funny and helpful, but I'm annoying, and a phony. - Anne Lamott
A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases it will never pass into nothingness. - John Keats
As far as I'm aware, everybody in the shadow cabinet accepts that there's a compelling case on climate change and a strong scientific case. - William Hague
If a man achieves victory over this body, who in the world can exercise power over him? He who rules himself rules over the whole world. - Vinoba Bhave
Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. - Charles Dickens
While negativity is politically useful, it is also demoralizing unless it is accompanied - and to some extent overshadowed - by elevated and inspiring ideas about the American future. - John Podhoretz
The Government and the Parliament, even the House of Lords, will consent to a large increase of electors and men who have not considered the subject fully will imagine they have gained much by the concession. - John Bright
I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse. - Walt Disney
Untutored courage is useless in the face of educated bullets. - George S. Patton
We hear of the wealth of nations, of the powers of production, of the demand and supply of markets, and we forget that these words mean no more, if they mean any thing, then the happiness, and the labor, and the necessities of men. - Francis Wright
Three of my children are medical doctors, they know at least a hundred times as much about your body as my grandfather knew, but they don't know much more about soul than he did. - John Templeton
It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office. - Shirley MacLaine
Faith consists in being vitally concerned with that ultimate reality to which I give the symbolical name of God. Whoever reflects earnestly on the meaning of life is on the verge of an act of faith. - Paul Tillich
You don't have a lot of time you have to get it right. It's amazing how they create these episodes in such a short amount of time. They lavish a lot of care and money on each episode, and they just look terrific. - Margot Kidder
Discouragement is not the absence of adequacy but the absence of courage. - Neal A. Maxwell
If we talk about the environment, for example, we have to talk about environmental racism - about the fact that kids in South Central Los Angeles have a third of the lung capacity of kids in Santa Monica. - Danny Glover
I just have faith. It's just there. It's not any big deal. - Ernie Harwell
Discernment is God's call to intercession, never to faultfinding. - Corrie Ten Boom
A book has got smell. A new book smells great. An old book smells even better. An old book smells like ancient Egypt. - Ray Bradbury
It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left? - Jim Carrey
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. - Soren Kierkegaard
Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves. - Alexis de Tocqueville
Without consciousness and intelligence, the universe would lack meaning. - Clifford D. Simak
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent. - Pearl S. Buck
Sleeping together is a euphemism for people, but tantamount to marriage with cats. - Marge Piercy
I think that the day you've figured out the differences between women and men is the day that you're no longer attracted to women. It's the difference that is so fantastic and frustrating and angering, and really sexy. - Kiefer Sutherland
I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it. - Studs Terkel
A person should design the way he makes a living around how he wishes to make a life. - Charlie Byrd
Setting a good example is a far better way to spread ideals than through force of arms. - Ron Paul
Everybody's got one killer story. It doesn't take talent to tell that story, it just takes experience. - Kevin Smith
You have to take risks. We will only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen. - Paulo Coelho
The Carter Center has the only existing international taskforce on disease eradication. Which means a total elimination of a disease on the face of the Earth. In the history of the world, there's only been one disease eradicated: smallpox. The second disease, I think, is gonna be guinea worm. - Jimmy Carter
In God's family, there are no outsiders, no enemies. - Desmond Tutu
Faith and doubt both are needed - not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve. - Lillian Smith
I love Mikhail Bulgakov. He is very original and takes the story to unexpected places. I didn't realise political writing could be so funny. - Denise Mina
Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it. - Sai Baba
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. - Woodrow Wilson
That is what we are supposed to do when we are at our best - make it all up - but make it up so truly that later it will happen that way. - Ernest Hemingway
It's not only imagination, it's the distortion of the vision. You suddenly think, This person is idealistic, this person is strong, this person has dreams, when you know better most of the time. You put what you want to see on people. - Olivier Martinez
What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious. The name thing: I will always be L.L. Cool J. - LL Cool J
For somebody famous, it's weird anyway to meet someone, because they have a preconceived notion of who you are. - Ricki Lake
All we need, really, is a change from a near frigid to a tropical attitude of mind. - Marjory Stoneman Douglas
I'm not a screamer. I'm confrontational, but I don't think that translates into anger. - Rachel Maddow
The best thing I've learned is, if you're going out, never go out alone - you leave yourself vulnerable. If you've got someone else there you trust, they can say, be wary of that person. I probably used to be too trusting of people. - Daniel Radcliffe
I have argued for years that we do not have a health care system in America. We have a disease-management system - one that depends on ruinously expensive drugs and surgeries that treat health conditions after they manifest rather than giving our citizens simple diet, lifestyle and therapeutic tools to keep them healthy. - Andrew Weil
I don't mind not being cool. - Chris Martin
In our daily life, we encounter people who are angry, deceitful, intent only on satisfying their own needs. There is so much anger, distrust, greed, and pettiness that we are losing our capacity to work well together. - Margaret J. Wheatley
As iron is eaten away by rust, so the envious are consumed by their own passion. - Antisthenes
But, if you observe children learning in their first few years of life, you can see that they can and do learn on their own - we leave them alone to crawl, walk, talk, and gain control over their bodies. It happens without much help from parents. - Daniel Greenberg
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing. - Benjamin Franklin
Many a man who pays rent all his life owns his own home and many a family has successfully saved for a home only to find itself at last with nothing but a house. - Bruce Barton
If you deprive yourself of outsourcing and your competitors do not, you're putting yourself out of business. - Lee Kuan Yew
If there is to be any hope of prosperity for this country it is by reversing that policy which made us simply the kitchen garden for supplying the British with cheap food. - Eamon de Valera
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nat - Beecher, Harriet Ward
Advances in science and medical research and public health policies have meant that life expectancy for Australians is one of the highest in the world. - Julie Bishop
Servant leadership is the foundation and the secret of Sam Walton's ability to achieve team synergy. - Michael Bergdahl
Working in an office with an array of electronic devices is like trying to get something done at home with half a dozen small children around. The calls for attention are constant. - Marilyn vos Savant
If all our happiness is bound up entirely in our personal circumstances it is difficult not to demand of life more than it has to give. - Bertrand Russell
Ignorance is bold and knowledge reserved. - Thucydides
Forgiveness is God's command. - Martin Luther
If we were logical, the future would be bleak, indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope, and we can work. - Jacques Yves Cousteau
I'm just a public-schoolboy. I've got a degree. I'm from a middle-class family in Devon. I've got no story. - Chris Martin
My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure. - Abraham Lincoln
I am a morning writer I am writing at eight-thirty in longhand and I keep at it until twelve-thirty, when I go for a swim. Then I come back, have lunch, and read in the afternoon until I take my walk for the next day's writing. - Carlos Fuentes
My major allegiance has been to storytelling, not to history. - Russell Banks
Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. - Hebrews
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder. - Ronald Reagan
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. - Satchel Paige
I tend to not watch things that are current. And then if everybody swears it's amazing then I'll like watch the whole series in a weekend. - Hank Azaria
I wanted to be a forest ranger or a coal man. At a very early age, I knew I didn't want to do what my dad did, which was work in an office. - Harrison Ford
We must vote for hope, vote for life, vote for a brighter future for all of our loved ones. - Ed Markey
As winter strips the leaves from around us, so that we may see the distant regions they formerly concealed, so old age takes away our enjoyments only to enlarge the prospect of the coming eternity. - Jean Paul
Our thoughts and imagination are the only real limits to our possibilities. - Orison Swett Marden
Power will intoxicate the best hearts, as wine the strongest heads. No man is wise enough, nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power. - Charles Caleb Colton
One has a greater sense of degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience. - Alice James
Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants. People have the right to expect that these wants will be provided for by this wisdom. - Jimmy Carter
You don't have to look far to taste some of the best food the world has to offer. I'd pit my grandmother against a 3-star Michelin chef any day. - Nadia Giosia
I love my mom and dad. - Taylor Momsen
The word 'equality' shows up too much in our founding documents for anyone to pretend it's not the American way. - Martha Plimpton
It frequently happens that two persons, reasoning right on a mechanical subject, think alike and invent the same thing without any communication with each other. - Oliver Evans
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun. - Edie Falco
My hobbies include maintaining my physical and mental health. It's a full-time job. Yoga definitely helps for both of them. I'm a big fan of relaxing and not having a schedule. That's my best way to keep from going crazy. - Olivia Thirlby
I'm pretty focused on my career, and if it comes down to hanging out with somebody or learning my lines, it's gonna be learning my lines. - Cory Monteith
It is natural to indulge in the illusions of hope. We are apt to shut our eyes to that siren until she allures us to our death. - Gertrude Stein
The Patriot Act removed major legal barriers that prevented the law enforcement, intelligence, and national defense communities from talking and coordinating their work to protect the American people and our national security. - Jon Porter
Knowledge is the life of the mind. - Abu Bakr
When people see your personality come out, they feel so good, like they actually know who you are. - Usain Bolt
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death. - Elbert Hubbard
The history of all countries shows that the working class exclusively by its own effort is able to develop only trade-union consciousness. - Vladimir Lenin
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know. - Daniel J. Boorstin
Together we can make a world where cancer no longer means living with fear, without hope, or worse. - Patrick Swayze
If we're going to change the laws, let's change them in ways which makes it easier to catch criminals, and yet at the same time protect the Second Amendment rights of our law-abiding citizens. - John Dingell
My kids love it. I thought I was the coolest dad in the world when I got to be in a Bond film, but 'Harry Potter', too? Well, I think I qualify for a medal for exceptional parenting or something, don't you? - Robbie Coltraine
I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it. - Audrey Hepburn
I don't wanna abandon my identity as LL Cool J, but at the same time, I had to figure out how to let people know that I'm really serious about making these movies. - LL Cool J
Ladies of Fashion starve their happiness to feed their vanity, and their love to feed their pride. - Charles Caleb Colton
Love knows how to form itself. God will do his work if we do ours. Our job is to prepare ourselves for love. When we do, love finds us every time. - Marianne Williamson
The successful person is the individual who forms the habit of doing what the failing person doesn't like to do. - Riggs, Donald
"I told my mom, 'I'm not buying another magazine until I can get past this thought of looking like the girl on the cover'. She said, ""Miley, you are the girl on the cover,' and I was, like, 'I know, but I don't feel like that girl every day.' You can't always feel perfect." - Miley Cyrus
The traditional spokespersons for the Evangelicals, such as Chuck Colson and James Dobson, have become alarmed about this drift away from the 'Family Values' issues that they believe should be the overwhelming concerns of Evangelicals. They have expressed their displeasure in letters of protest circulated through the religious media. - Tony Campolo
Government is not reason, it is not eloquence - it is force. - Washington, George
The question Americans should ask is not whether a candidate is affiliated with a particular faith but rather whether that candidate's faith makes it more likely he or she will support policies that align with their values. - Gary Bauer
I first became a vegetarian when I was nine, in response to an argument made by a radical babysitter. My great change - which lasted a couple of weeks - was based on the very simple instinct that it's wrong to kill animals for food. - Jonathan Safran Foer
Life is a great big canvas throw all the paint you can at it. - Danny Kaye
I joke around a lot about the manic times because they're funny. We manics do outrageous things and it is part of our colorful nature. - Patty Duke
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family. - Bo Bennett
I think that we're in a really amazing time, where there are really a lot of really fantastic female actresses and comedians. I imagine there's just a lot of opportunity for women to have powerful roles. Or it's just that there's more women writing TV. Women tend to maybe write strong women. - Whitney Cummings
I had my heart set on becoming an English teacher, but stumbled into acting after meeting a theatrical agent in my dad's restaurant in San Diego. - Charisma Carpenter
If you can lie, you can act, and if you can lie to crazy girlfriends, you can act under pressure. - Joe Rogan
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is freedom. - Marilyn Ferguson
I'm not sure about the selling part, but I've always found that the things I've worn on tour have moved over to what people wear every day. Sometimes the things I wore in the beginning before I had money were things I put together. - Steven Tyler
I grew up in a dysfunctional family. - Melissa Gilbert
It is more interesting to be compared to someone famous, because it lets you gauge what perceptions people have about your appearance. - Arthur Smith
I do not see any beauty in self-restraint. - Mary MacLane
Thought takes man out of servitude, into freedom. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
The pop world is cool, but I never really thought of myself as part of it or wanting to be a part of it because I'm on a label that's not really like that. They're not trying to dress me up, they're not trying to do things like that. I feel like I'm sort of separate from that, actually. - Norah Jones
Edie Sedgwick had a cool style she pushed the envelope for the time. - Taylor Momsen
The most exciting happiness is the happiness generated by forces beyond your control. - Ogden Nash
As far as your personal goals are and what you actually want to do with your life, it should never have to do with the government. You should never depend on the government for your retirement, your financial security, for anything. - Drew Carey
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude. - John C. Maxwell
Children in a family are like flowers in a bouquet: there's always one determined to face in an opposite direction from the way the arranger desires. - Marcelene Cox
Being an actor means asking people to look at you. I guess I accept that. But it's a profession in which the job is to show another world and other people. You may access it through bits of yourself, and your imagination and experience, but actually, in the end, you're not playing yourself. - Ralph Fiennes
Woman, or more precisely put, perhaps, marriage, is the representative of life with which you are meant to come to terms. - Franz Kafka
Those who seek happiness miss it, and those who discuss it, lack it. - Holbrook Jackson
I got into film-making because I was interested in making entertaining movies, which I felt there was a lack of. - Guy Ritchie
If I could get any animal it would be a dolphin. I want one so bad. Me and my mom went swimming with dolphins and I was like, 'How do we get one of those?' and she was like, 'You can't get a dolphin. What are you gonna do, like, put it in your pool?' - Miley Cyrus
In my second year, after moving to the Medical School, I began the courses of Anatomy and Physiology. I had begun to see that I was interested in cells and their functions. - Sydney Brenner
Bargain... anything a customer thinks a store is losing money on. - Kin Hubbard
I want to age with some dignity. - Pete Townshend
You know, God gave me a gift to do other things besides play the game of basketball. - LeBron James
The principal act of courage is to endure and withstand dangers doggedly rather than to attack them. - Thomas Aquinas
It is not difficult for me to have this faith, for it is incontrovertible that where there is a plan there is intelligence - an orderly, unfolding universe testifies to the truth of the most majestic statement ever uttered - 'In the beginning, God.' - Arthur H. Compton
The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw. - Havelock Ellis
Always do your best. - Miguel Angel Ruiz
I actually feel like, for a lot of my career, I wasn't able to show my comedic range. I did a lot of dramas and dramedies. I was on 'E.R.' That's not generally thought of as a funny show. - Busy Philipps
Yet each man kills the thing he loves,  By each let this be heard,  Some do it with a bitter look,  Some with a flattering word.  The coward does it with a kiss,  The brave man with a sword! - Wilde, Oscar
In the late '70s, maybe just before I started, there was still an attitude that if you did film you didn't do TV and vice versa, but that's gone now. - Robert Carlyle
I don't do the whole, 'Put my name on it, make me famous' thing. - T-Pain
I remember listening to the radio as a kid and finding that the songs always made me feel more peaceful. Funny, but the more hurtin' the music was, the better it made me feel. I think of that now when I write my songs. I may not be feelin' the blues myself, but I'm writing them for other people who have a hard life. - Chris Isaak
The soul is everlasting, and its learning experience is lifetime after lifetime. - Shirley MacLaine
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier. - Albert Schweitzer
I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem - and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? - Dwight D. Eisenhower
I just want to have a great relationship with my child and have a great family dynamic. - Tori Spelling
Aesthetic emotion puts man in a state favorable to the reception of erotic emotion. Art is the accomplice of love. Take love away and there is no longer art. - Remy de Gourmont
We shall never be able to remove suspicion and fear as potential causes of war until communication is permitted to flow, free and open, across international boundaries. - Harry S. Truman
It is clear that the pharmaceutical industry is not, by any stretch of the imagination, doing enough to ensure that the poor have access to adequate medical care. - Paul Farmer
My dad would give me $10, which is a lot of money when you're 9, to sing at church, on tables at restaurants, at family functions, just about anywhere. - Katy Perry
I see music as fluid architecture. - Joni Mitchell
Like most people my age, my job is the main focus of my life. I don't have some kind of jet-setting fabulous lifestyle where I'm constantly in situations to acquire amazing anecdotes, that's it. - Anna Paquin
Great nations write their autobiographies in three manuscripts - the book of their deeds, the book of their words and the book of their art. - John Ruskin
What each must seek in his life never was on land or sea. It is something out of his own unique potentiality for experience, something that never has been and never could have been experienced by anyone else. - Joseph Campbell
Your children need your presence more than your presents. - Jesse Jackson
I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good. - Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
I'm crazy about my father, he's an amazing man, a real adventurer. He took us with him to travel all over the world. We were in places that were so remote, that white people hardly ever reach them. - Peta Wilson
Even if you play perfectly, a fault of your opponent's can destroy the entire beauty of the game. - Vladimir Kramnik
A man ought to live so that everybody knows he is a Christian... and most of all, his family ought to know. - Dwight L. Moody
Gags die, humor doesn't. - Jack Benny
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success. - Thoreau, Henry David
Often the difference between a successful man and a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on his ideas, to take a calculated risk, and to act. - Maxwell Maltz
Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel. - Leonardo da Vinci
What light is to the eyes - what air is to the lungs - what love is to the heart, liberty is to the soul of man. - Robert Green Ingersoll
I don't believe in organized religion - I dealt with them hand in hand, and a whole bunch of Catholic priests tried to molest me. Telling me I was gay and I should go home with them and stuff. - Jonathan Davis
Honest to God, all my life I have had such a fear of spiders. In fact, I use to have a reoccurring dream about one. Very clearly, it was black with a red head. It would sit up in the corner of the bedroom and when it started getting closer, I would wake up in a panic. - Tippi Hedren
Detainee policy in this war is hard, it's complicated, but we must get it right. We would be better off as a nation if we could close Gitmo safely and start a new prison that he could use that the world would see as a better way to doing business. - Lindsey Graham
It's hard to decide how to match words to music. It's not like it's twice the work. It's always difficult for me to explain to the composer what I'm looking for. I'm not a professional I lack even basic knowledge about writing music. - Ayumi Hamasaki
Most people are prisoners, thinking only about the future or living in the past. They are not in the present, and the present is where everything begins. - Carlos Santana
If you're out there stressing on your pro day, then you're not going to perform well, so I plan on having a little fun. Play a little music while we're out there throwing the football, have everybody tapping their toes and bobbing their head and just go out there and make the most of the experience. - Robert Griffin III
When I first thought of the idea for 'Sweet Valley High,' I loved the idea of high school as microcosm of the real world. And what I really liked was how it moved things on from 'Sleeping Beauty'-esque romance novels where the girl had to wait for the hero. This would be girl-driven, very different, I decided - and indeed it is. - Francine Pascal
Happiness: an agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another. - Ambrose Bierce
I'm active in PAX, which is a gun awareness organization. We treat gun safety as a public health issue. - Mandy Patinkin
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things that's all. - Harry Seidler
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love. - Pearl S. Buck
The digital revolution is far more significant than the invention of writing or even of printing. - Douglas Engelbart
The Chinese leadership hoped that the world would soon forget the Tiananmen Square massacre. Our job in Congress is to ensure that we never forget those who lost their lives in Tiananmen Square that day or the pro-democracy cause for which they fought. - Tom Lantos
True courage is like a kite a contrary wind raises it higher. - John Petit-Senn
Creative people don't behave very well generally. If you're looking for examples of good relationships in show business, you're gonna be depressed real fast. I don't have time for anything else right now but work and my daughter. She's my first priority. - Jim Carrey
Man spends his life in reasoning on the past, in complaining of the present, in fearing future. - Antoine Rivarol
We all have a childhood dream that when there is love, everything goes like silk, but the reality is that marriage requires a lot of compromise. - Raquel Welch
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. - Demosthenes
My very sassy, older southern sister is very quick to point out that it's a luxury that my daughter gets to come to work with me. She does, and I have lunch with her every single day. My mom says I have 'high class problems.' - Angela Kinsey
Once I know people know who I am, it gives me a lot of licence and freedom to behave in ways I wouldn't normally. - Larry David
Unfortunately, corruption is widespread in government agencies and public enterprises. Our political system promotes nepotism and wasting money. This has undermined our legal system and confidence in the functioning of the state. One of the consequences is that many citizens don't pay their taxes. - Georgios A. Papandreou
I know it's an experience that I need to have if God's putting me through it. - Lil Wayne
I don't know if I'm a national education figure. - Jeb Bush
Lovers who love truly do not write down their happiness. - Anatole France
For all of those willing to help me start a family, I am flattered. I will let you know when I need your help. - Paula Abdul
If one seeks to analyze experiences and reactions to the first postwar years, I hope one may say without being accused of bias that it is easier for the victor than for the vanquished to advocate peace. - Gustav Stresemann
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper. - Francis Bacon
From the very start of all of this, my mom has read the scripts first. And if she liked something, she let me read it. She told our agent what kinds of parts that we would want. - Anna Chlumsky
A man has to live with himself, and he should see to it that he always has good company. - Charles Evans Hughes
I just want to be healthy and stay alive and keep my family going and everything and keep my friends going and try to do something so that this world will be peaceful. That is the most ambitious and the most difficult thing, but I'm there trying to do it. - Yoko Ono
Everyone focuses on the earthly state, but how cool might death be? I believe in spiritual rebirth, and I can't wait to experience that. - Barry Zito
You know, food is such - it's a hug for people. - Rachael Ray
I had dreams, but I didn't have the sense that they would necessarily work out. They seemed very far-fetched. - Greta Gerwig
One is very crazy when in love. - Sigmund Freud
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. - Frank Sinatra
What people don't understand is joining a gang ain't bad, it's cool, it's fine. When you in the hood, joining a gang it's cool because all your friends are in the gang, all your family's in the gang. We're not just killing people every night, we're just hanging out, having a good time. - Snoop Dogg
This is going to sound really funny. I have a poster of Zac Efron on my wall! I think every girl has a poster of him in their room so, why not join the club! - Vanessa Hudgens
I hope to be scaring children for the rest of my life. - Tom Felton
Rugby is great. The players don't wear helmets or padding they just beat the living daylights out of each other and then go for a beer. I love that. - Joe Theismann
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.  - Southern California Oracle
We're all doing different things and some of the girls are mums, so priorities have changed. But I would love to do something with the Spice Girls again. I know we would have an amazing time. - Emma Bunton
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will. - Pope Paul VI
Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is that the Ten Commandments are a historical document that contains moral, ethical, and legal truisms that any person of any religion or even an atheist can recognize and appreciate. - Cliff Stearns
Show business has been really, really good to me because I can work and take a lot of time off, and I'm extremely undisciplined person. - Meryl Streep
Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body - the producers and consumers themselves. - Herbert Hoover
I don't have the recipe for happiness, but I think the engine is simply having the desire. - Vanessa Paradis
Internet marketing entrepreneurs have truly opened my eyes to just how important a quick turnaround time can be. Often times, an interview they conduct with me today is online by the next morning. The interviewee is then able to start making money less than 24 hours after the initial interview. - Marc Ostrofsky
Falsehood is cowardice, the truth courage. - Hosea Ballou
When a man opens a car door for his wife, it's either a new car or a new wife. - Prince Philip
Don't clap too hard - it's a very old building. - John Osborne
We hear all around us to love ourselves, and one of the ways we can do that is to eat food that serves our body, but also for us to love the food we're eating. - Gabrielle Reece
International business may conduct its operations with scraps of paper, but the ink it uses is human blood. - Ambler, Eric
Justice consists in doing no injury to men decency in giving them no offense. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Environmental disaster is the gravest threat to China's continued development. That's according to me, but it is not some wacko view. - James Fallows
It's getting better generally, daily, especially in TV, for women in acting and age and looks count less. As more women come into the business. Change of any sort takes a long time to happen. - Julie Walters
Financially, I've lost money and made money, but I know my way around financially. - Jack Nicholson
You can have a laugh in Los Angeles, or you can weep in Los Angeles, depending on your attitude towards it. - Miranda Richardson
I want the government to provide the military so we don't get invaded by somebody and destroyed. I want the government to provide the roads so I can get from point A to B. In terms of taking care of my day to day needs, I want to do that myself. I want my community to do that. - Benjamin Carson
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery. - Fulton J. Sheen
Christmas can have a real melancholy aspect, 'cause it packages itself as this idea of perfect family cohesion and love, and you're always going to come up short when you measure your personal life against the idealized personal lives that are constantly thrust in our faces, primarily by TV commercials. - Dan Savage
Mere parsimony is not economy. Expense, and great expense, may be an essential part in true economy. - Edmund Burke
The best work is not what is most difficult for you it is what you do best. - Jean-Paul Sartre
A family on the throne is an interesting idea. It brings down the pride of sovereignty to the level of petty life. - Walter Bagehot
I've never owned an Apple product. I like the fact that PCs are open architecture and not locked down like Apple products. I feel that Macs are also unjustifiably overpriced. - Oren Peli
I've lost my faith in science. - Bette Davis
I'd like to work with any actress from whom I can learn-one who has had many experiences with many directors and is willing to share some of her knowledge with me. - Fred Savage
If I have enough ego to say I'm a writer, a director, a producer, and an actor, I should have the energy and the knowledge to write a scene for this great actor named Henry Fonda and direct him in it and have it work. - Peter Fonda
Anyone in the humor business isn't thinking clearly if he doesn't surround himself with idea people. Otherwise, you settle for mediocrity - or you burn yourself out. - Hank Ketcham
Clarity affords focus. - Thomas Leonard
Every player should be accorded the privilege of at least one season with the Chicago Cubs. That's baseball as it should be played - in God's own sunshine. And that's really living. - Alvin Dark
You can never really live anyone else's life, not even your child's. The influence you exert is through your own life, and what you've become yourself. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
As soon as man enters into a state of society he loses the sense of his weakness equality ceases, and then commences the state of war. - Charles de Secondat
I've always had great faith in the Man Upstairs. - Wayne Newton
My first big job was an Abercrombie &ampFitch campaign. But my mom wouldn't let me skip school for it, so I missed half of the shoot. When we got there, we realized Bruce Weber was the photographer we knew we had made a mistake! - Lauren Bush
I'm very comfortable with how I look. I always have been. I think I look pretty good. There's nothing I want to change. I'm pretty happy with what I've got. - Avril Lavigne
Because of its tremendous solemnity death is the light in which great passions, both good and bad, become transparent, no longer limited by outward appearences. - Soren Kierkegaard
In New York, I'll walk down the street and someone will say, 'Nice show,' and that's it. If I'm at a food festival, it's open season. - Tom Colicchio
To be told that one can be dependent on one's parents until age 26 should strike a young person who wants to grow up as demeaning, not as something to celebrate. - Dennis Prager
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country. - Anais Nin
A bad book is as much of a labor to write as a good one, it comes as sincerely from the author's soul. - Aldous Huxley
We need to be a leadership position about protecting minors on the Internet and, more importantly, giving the parents the tools they need to protect them. - Peter Chernin
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name. - Milton Berle
I love my family and I had a very wonderful, magical childhood. But New Jersey was actually a very cold place. There was such an intense concentration of wealth, and such a low concentration of any actual human happiness. - Ezra Miller
I had spent many years pursuing excellence, because that is what classical music is all about... Now it was dedicated to freedom, and that was far more important. - Nina Simone
It's amazing how, age after age, in country after country, and in all languages, Shakespeare emerges as incomparable. - M. H. Abrams
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed. - Nikos Kazantzakis
I filmed seven movies in 2011 and I think that was a mistake. I pushed myself too hard and I want to be able to come to work each day and give 100 percent. I guess I found out what my boundaries are. - Anna Kendrick
I didn't do improv in college, I never performed, I didn't do theater either. I was in student government, I was a history major. - Demetri Martin
If marriage really is a sacred institution, then why is the government controlling it, especially in a nation that affirms separation of church and state? - Tony Campolo
When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end. - Eamon de Valera
And as the Divine that goes forth from the Lord is the good of love and the truth of faith, the angels are angels and are heaven in the measure in which they receive good and truth from the Lord. - Emanuel Swedenborg
The personal things should be left out of platforms at conventions. You can argue yourself blue in the face, and you're not going to change each other's minds. It's a waste of your time and my time. - Barbara Bush
Bad human communication leaves us less room to grow. - Rowan D. Williams
Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not. - Oscar Wilde
I think dreams can come true, but not necessarily like fairy-tales. It's not always so perfect like that. - Patrick Dempsey
God is in all men, but all men are not in God that is why we suffer. - Ramakrishna
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail. - Napoleon Hill
Preparation for old age should begin not later than one's teens. A life which is empty of purpose until 65 will not suddenly become filled on retirement. - Dwight L. Moody
It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core. - Phyllis Diller
When certain bootleg companies started off and they would take maybe ten per cent of whatever they got and help fuel new bands, which I'm cool with, I think that's a good idea. Most of the record companies are not doing that. - David Coverdale
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure. - John Locke
Fear is static that prevents me from hearing myself. - Samuel Butler
When a match has equal partners then I fear not. - Aeschylus
Family, nature and health all go together. - Olivia Newton-John
As a mom I know that raising children is the hardest job there is. - Hilary Rosen
There would not be enough talent that's educated, developed and ready to take on the next leadership challenge, and it would cap our growth. Now we've put programs in place not to have that happen, but that could be a weakness. - Kevin Rollins
He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles. - Walter Scott
I was kind of secretly hoping one of my kids would go out and make a million bucks. So when they put me in a home, at least I'll have a window with a view. - Joe Biden
We all know here that the law is the most powerful of schools for the imagination. No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets the truth. - Jean Giraudoux
The speed of change makes you wonder what will become of architecture. - Tadao Ando
It's motive alone which gives character to the actions of men. - Jean de la Bruyere
No man chooses evil because it is evil he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks. - Mary Wollstonecraft
Rome has not seen a modern building in more than half a century. It is a city frozen in time. - Richard Meier
What I got which was unusual, especially as a child actress, was parents who believed that Hollywood was not that important. They told us education, family, health, all come first and they meant it. - Danica McKellar
Studies have consistently shown that financial hardship is the biggest obstacle to heterosexual marriage, yet the Republican leadership has done precious little to help address the financial hardship faced by American families. - Kendrick Meek
A propensity to hope and joy is real riches one to fear and sorrow real poverty. - David Hume
I am about to be married, and am of course in all the misery of a man in pursuit of happiness. - Lord Byron
Learning, n. The kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious. - Ambrose Bierce
I wish we would all remember that being American is not just about the freedom we have it is about those who gave it to us. - Mike Huckabee
I'm talking like 10, 12 years old. Either junior brings Mom and Pop or Mom and Pop bring the kids. I'm talking young here, not a college drinking crowd. - George Thorogood
I didn't really work with Vin on it except we talked about it a little bit. I think it was kind of cool because we didn't think it was going to be that emotional. I don't think Vin knew I was going to be that emotional. - Brittany Snow
Homesickness is nothing. Fifty percent of the people in the world are homesick all the time. - John Cheever
I just went off for two months traveling around Europe on a motorcycle and pretty much turned my phone off. I did 5,000 miles with my dad. We went through Holland, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Italy... and then I did Spain and France by myself. - Michael Fassbender
In addition to this, they already have a fuel cell car on the road in Japan. It is subsidized from within the corporation because they are still at a high cost. - Maurice Strong
It is the unknown that excites the ardor of scholars, who, in the known alone, would shrivel up with boredom. - Wallace Stevens
The best movies have one sentence that they're exploring, a thesis, something that people can argue about over dinner afterward. - Helen Hunt
With Portlandia, I don't think our intention is always to find something funny. Sometimes the humor comes from taking something really seriously. We're okay with making somebody feel uncomfortable or uneasy. - Carrie Brownstein
I also rise today in strong support of forward movement on the implementation of health information technology, which has the potential to save the United States billions of dollars in health care costs each year. - Russ Carnahan
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art. - Stanislaw Lec
Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning.  - Dupuy, Alexis
Quit while you're ahead. All the best gamblers do. - Baltasar Gracian
Marriage has historically been in the domain of the States to regulate. - Corrine Brown
Working with amazing people, you continue to learn and develop yourself, as an actor and as a person. - Josh Hutcherson
I will come up with a project that will wipe out poverty in the Philippines in two years. I want to remove the people from economic crisis by using the Marcos wealth. Long after I'm gone, people will remember me for building them homes and roads and hospitals and giving them food. - Imelda Marcos
I tell you the past is a bucket of ashes, so live not in your yesterdays, no just for tomorrow, but in the here and now. Keep moving and forget the post mortems and remember, no one can get the jump on the future. - Carl Sandburg
To understand someone, find out how he spends his money. - Mason Cooley
Everything is tennis for me, it's my career and it's entertainment, but it's also a business. - Venus Williams
Our heavenly Father understands our disappointment, suffering, pain, fear, and doubt. He is always there to encourage our hearts and help us understand that He's sufficient for all of our needs. When I accepted this as an absolute truth in my life, I found that my worrying stopped. - Charles Stanley
There is nothing more tragic than to find an individual bogged down in the length of life, devoid of breadth. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation. - Alan Autry
Mankind is made great or little by its own will. - Friedrich Schiller
I've never had anything but the freedom to do what I wanted just as long as it made me happy. - Rene Redzepi
When I was younger, I was terrified to express anger because it would often kick-start a horrible reaction in the men in my life. So I bit my tongue. I was left to painstakingly deal with the aftermath of my avoidance later in life, in therapy or through the lyrics of my songs. - Alanis Morissette
My fear is that, as soon as I get married and have kids that I'll kind of do what a lot of people do and suddenly start making, 'Now I'm gonna make films for kids.' I really hope I don't do that. - Trey Parker
The experience of being in space didn't change my perspective of myself or of the planet or of life. I had no spiritual experience. - Sally Ride
Life has a higher end, than to be amused. - William Ellery Channing
Let's be very honest about what this is about. It's not about bashing Democrats, it's not about taxes, they have no idea what the Boston tea party was about, they don't know their history at all. This is about hating a black man in the White House. This is racism straight up. - Janeane Garofalo
The Government of the absolute majority instead of the Government of the people is but the Government of the strongest interests and when not efficiently checked, it is the most tyrannical and oppressive that can be devised. - John C. Calhoun
Affairs of state tend to drive most presidents toward the center on both foreign and domestic policy, no matter where on the political spectrum they begin, and especially so in the areas of intelligence and law enforcement. - David K. Shipler
Innovations that are guided by smallholder farmers, adapted to local circumstances, and sustainable for the economy and environment will be necessary to ensure food security in the future. - Bill Gates
We climb to heaven most often on the ruins of our cherished plans, finding our failures were successes. - Amos Bronson Alcott
Right now, it hasn't affected my music other than the fact that I don't have time to write any of it. That's no different from when I first started and I lived at home. I would play the guitar in the afternoon and then my mom or my dad would come home and I'd have to quit. - Paul Westerberg
Don't judge me. I made a lot of money. - Samantha Bee
The chief contribution of Protestantism to human thought is its massive proof that God is a bore. - H. L. Mencken
Is the proposed operation likely to succeed? What might the consequences of failure? Is it in the realm of practicability in terms of material and supplies? - Chester W. Nimitz
There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Actually, music gave me the support when I needed it. I would never have gone to college unless I'd gotten a piano scholarship. And now I'm so glad I got to learn to play the cello, which is a different experience, you're flexing a different muscle, but it's beautiful because it is music. - Jamie Foxx
If America wants to retain its position as a global power, its president must listen to the people and show strong leadership at this turning point in human history. - David Suzuki
But in the back of my mind I've always looked to the biggest-scale Hollywood movies. Because to me the most satisfying experience is of watching a movie, if it's done really well. And so that aspiration is always it for me, if I have the opportunity to do it. - Christopher Nolan
The idea that maybe you don't have to own a car if you only need one occasionally may catch on, just like time-sharing caught on in real estate. - Steve Case
I believe health care is a civil right. - Dennis Kucinich
Your performance depends on your people. Select the best, train them and back them. When errors occur, give sharper guidance. If errors persist or if the fit feels wrong, help them move on. The country cannot afford amateur hour in the White House. - Donald Rumsfeld
Happiness is no respecter of persons. - Stephen Fry
I really think we should pass a law in every state, I don't care whether it takes the independence away from an old person or not. You shouldn't be driving a car if you're over the age of 80. Maybe even less than that. - Evel Knievel
I get heartfelt thanks from all kinds of people. Today I heard from a waitress in Georgia who has lost her job and is trying to figure out how her local bank can change the terms on her credit card, and I heard from a physicist at a major research university who wants to explain a better theory of financial stress tests. - Elizabeth Warren
Everybody's business is nobody's business, and nobody's business is my business. - Clara Barton
My father is a real idealist, and he's all about learning. If I asked for a pair of Nikes growing up, it was just a resounding 'No.' But if I asked for a saxophone, one would appear and next day and I'd be signed up for lessons. So anything to do with education or learning, my father would spare no expense. - Hugh Jackman
Love is a great beautifier. - Alcott, Louisa May
The human body is the best picture of the human soul. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
I think that anything that begins to give people a sense of their own worth and dignity is God. - John Shelby Spong
Al Gore, the former vice-president of the United States, lives in a mansion that uses more electricity than the average family's bungalow! David Suzuki rides on a bus that uses more fuel than a Smart car to get across Canada! Oh my God! And this is just the tip of the vanishing iceberg! - Linwood Barclay
The oppressed are allowed once every few years to decide which particular representatives of the oppressing class are to represent and repress them in parliament. - Vladimir Lenin
The founder of the Mona Foundation actually knew my dad for years, and the more I learned about it, the more I realized I really found the perfect charity. It sponsors schools and educational initiatives all over the planet. - Rainn Wilson
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
My mom has made it possible for me to be who I am. Our family is everything. Her greatest skill was encouraging me to find my own person and own independence. - Charlize Theron
It does not matter much whom we live with in this world, but it matters a great deal whom we dream of. - Willa Cather
And thus goes segregation which is the most far-reaching development in the history of the Negro since the enslavement of the race. - Carter G. Woodson
In its most limited sense, modern, art would seem to concern itself only with the technical innovations of the period. - Edward Hopper
If you want to be the best, you have to do things that other people aren't willing to do. - Michael Phelps
What the Lib Dems have failed to do is offer any meaningful agenda for government or for power. - Lucy Powell
Dependency is death to initiative, to risk-taking and opportunity. It's time to stop the spread of government dependency and fight it like the poison it is. - Mitt Romney
My wife was delighted with the home I had given her amid the prairies of the far west. - Buffalo Bill
I'm extremely blessed to have the extraordinary mother that I have, and I don't mean Diana Ross, I mean the mother. My mom paved a road that didn't exist, as did Oprah. - Tracee Ellis Ross
Faith... must be enforced by reason... when faith becomes blind it dies. - Mahatma Gandhi
I went to England in the '70s, and I was in my early 20s. There was still a residue of that era of being an underclass or colonial. I assume it must have been a more aggressive and prominent attitude 40 years before that, because Australia internationally wasn't regarded as having much cultural value. We were a country full of sheep and convicts. - Geoffrey Rush
For good or for ill, air mastery is today the supreme expression of military power and fleets and armies, however vital and important, must accept a subordinate rank. - Winston Churchill
We should often blush for our very best actions, if the world did but see all the motives upon which they were done. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
The essays in The Great Taos Bank Robbery were my project to win a Master of Arts degree in English when I quit being a newspaper editor and went back to college. - Tony Hillerman
Failure is nature's plan to prepare you for great responsibilities. - Napolean Hill
Insurgents have capitalized on popular resentment and anger towards the United States and the Iraqi government to build their own political, financial and military support, and the faith of Iraqi citizens in their new government has been severely undermined. - Tom Lantos
I'll never be considered one of the all-time greats; maybe not even one of the all-time goods. But I'm one of the all-time survivors. - Kaat, Jim
Big Brother is on the march. A plan to subject all children to mental health screening is underway, and the pharmaceuticals are gearing up for bigger sales of psychotropic drugs. - Phyllis Schlafly
Believe me, the drug of freedom is universally potent. - Natan Sharansky
You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am. - Kim Kardashian
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life. - Julius Caesar
I don't categorize food as bad or a guilty pleasure. - Rachael Ray
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own... Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy. - Robert A. Heinlein
Dr. King's leadership reaffirmed the promise of our democracy: that everyday people, working together, have the power to change our government and our institutions for the better. - Maria Cantwell
My dad was an absentee dad, so it was always important to me that I was part of my daughter's life, and she deserved two parents, which is part of the rationale behind us staying married for 30 years. - Samuel L. Jackson
There was never going to be a right time for a band that was still recording and had health in its environment, had made a very good record and was playing well. - Peter Garrett
Those men are most apt to be obsequious and conciliating abroad, who are under the discipline of shrews at home. - Washington Irving
I think what's really the most ideal thing is for the player themselves, within their own imagination, to carve out what they view as being the essence of the character. - Shigeru Miyamoto
Running clears my mind, and gives me a reason to get out of bed in the morning. - Ronnie O'Sullivan
The Federal Government should be the last resort, not the first. Ask if a potential program is truly a federal responsibility or whether it can better be handled privately, by voluntary organizations, or by local or state governments. - Donald Rumsfeld
During last night's debate, John Kerry and John Edwards were so friendly to each other some political experts think that they may end up running together. In fact Kerry and Edwards were so friendly, President Bush accused them of planning a gay marriage. - Conan O'Brien
As individuals, people are inherently good. I have a somewhat more pessimistic view of people in groups. And I remain extremely concerned when I see what's happening in our country, which is in many ways the luckiest place in the world. We don't seem to be excited about making our country a better place for our kids. - Steve Jobs
Testimony should be a philosophical problem and not limited to legal or historical contexts where it refers to the account of a witness who reports what he has seen. - Paul Ricoeur
I don't excercise. If God had wanted me to bend over, he would have put diamonds on the floor. - Joan Rivers
The best part of learning any profession, when you're really going through those huge stretching escalated times of learning and energy, is when you want to do it so much. - Diane Cilento
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. - Albert Einstein
In my hometown there is a pub named after me - The Frome Flyer on Jenson Avenue. How cool is that?! - Jenson Button
I think every person has their own identity and beauty. Everyone being different is what is really beautiful. If we were all the same, it would be boring. - Tila Tequila
Maybe that first, gigantic deficit the Reaganites piled up was an accident, just a combination of deluded 'supply side' tax cuts and a huge bag of good stuff for the Pentagon. But pretty quickly conservatives discovered that deficits, when done correctly, did something really cool: deficits defunded the Left. - Thomas Frank
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience. - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Music, as many people have said, is the universal language. Of course points are made which make you think about things, but ultimately it makes you feel. And that's why people remember more songs that have meant something during their life than films. They start to define periods in your life, and that's kind of the beauty of it. - Scott Weiland
All my jobs have been with food in one way or another since 1948. My parents were in the hotel business, and I just loved the warm hearted people who worked so hard with such good humor. - Graham Kerr
I saw no African people in the printed and illustrated Sunday school lessons. I began to suspect at this early age that someone had distorted the image of my people. My long search for the true history of African people the world over began. - John Henrik Clarke
Belief is nothing but a more vivid, lively, forcible, firm, steady conception of an object, than what the imagination alone is ever able to attain. - David Hume
But I fear, my lot being cast in Scotland, that beauty would not be content. - Anne Boyd
All I wanted to do was write - at the time, poems, and prose, too. I guess my ambition was simply to make money however I could to keep myself going in some modest way, and I didn't need much, I was unmarried at the time, no children. - Paul Auster
All the ills of mankind, all the tragic misfortunes that fill the history books, all the political blunders, all the failures of the great leaders have arisen merely from a lack of skill at dancing. - Moliere
Learning to see waste and systematically eliminate it has allowed lean companies such as Toyota to dominate entire industries. Lean thinking defines value as 'providing benefit to the customer' anything else is waste. - Eric Ries
Dusting is a good example of the futility of trying to put things right. As soon as you dust, the fact of your next dusting has already been established. - George Carlin
Reputation is favorable notoriety as distinguished from fame, which is permanent approval of great deeds and noble thoughts by the best intelligence of mankind. - George William Curtis
No greater nor more affectionate honor can be conferred on an American than to have a public school named after him. - Herbert Hoover
Death to me means nothing as long as I can die fast. - Bob Dylan
God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress. - Kelly Clarkson
It's funny - nowadays people that are famous get chased by paparazzi. They have this fame, but they don't have the money to hide from it. - Matt LeBlanc
What irritates me is the bland way people go around saying, 'Oh, our attitude has changed. We don't dislike these people any more.' But by the strangest coincidence, they haven't taken away the injustice the laws are still on the books. - Christopher Isherwood
Love you will find only where you may show yourself weak without provoking strength. - Theodor Adorno
A mission is a place where you ask nonbelievers to come and find faith and hope and feel love. - Robert H. Schuller
When you're young, you don't think very far ahead. You just think in terms of the next day, the next week, the next competition. You don't think about injuries that could threaten your long-term health. - Katarina Witt
There's a certain amount of freedom involved in cycling: you're self-propelled and decide exactly where to go. If you see something that catches your eye to the left, you can veer off there, which isn't so easy in a car, and you can't cover as much ground walking. - David Byrne
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. - Barack Obama
One whose knowledge is confined to books and whose wealth is in the possession of others, can use neither his knowledge nor wealth when the need for them arises. - Chanakya
In the holy city of Mecca, violence of any kind was forbidden. From the moment they left home, pilgrims were not permitted to carry weapons, to swat an insect or speak an angry word, a discipline that introduced them to a new way of living. - Karen Armstrong
All History is current all injustice continues on some level, somewhere in the world. - Alice Walker
I have no control over people's perceptions of me at all and that's one of the things I decided very early on is that I can't control the way other people think of me. All I can do, especially when it comes to my career is go out there and do cool unique kinds of things. - Macaulay Culkin
When you make the sacrifice in marriage, you're sacrificing not to each other but to unity in a relationship. - Joseph Campbell
Computers may save time but they sure waste a lot of paper. About 98 percent of everything printed out by a computer is garbage that no one ever reads. - Andy Rooney
Because most people are not sufficiently employed in themselves, they run about loose, hungering for employment, and satisfy themselves in various supererogatory occupations. The easiest of these occupations, which have all to do with making things already made, is the making of people: it is called the art of friendship. - Laura Riding
They have a kind of Bob Hope and Bing Crosby thing going on. - Christopher Walken
As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay. - Michael Chang
I don't want to go on much longer, really. I think that would suggest a lack of imagination. A certain lack of dignity also. - Steven Patrick Morrissey
The nicest thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from. - Ken Olsen
I'd come out of the army after five years as a medic. I was a medical administrator and we ran hospitals, and I was a Captain in the army at the end, in 1945. - Eli Wallach
Dishonesty in government is the business of every citizen. It is not enough to do your own job. There's no particular virtue in that. Democracy isn't a gift. It's a responsibility. - Dalton Trumbo
Life is to be lived. If you have to support yourself, you had bloody well better find some way that is going to be interesting. And you don't do that by sitting around. - Katharine Hepburn
I don't set goals. Like, that's what I want to be doing however many years from now. I do what I love to do at the moment. If I wake up tomorrow and decide I want to dance, that's what I'd do. Or design clothes. - Ayumi Hamasaki
I'm someone who loves to enjoy life and tries to focus on real things and real friendships. That's why I live very simply. I'm a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. I don't spend much time fixing myself up or trying to look cool. I live like a normal person and even though I'm in a very high-profile business, I really don't let it affect the way I live. - Cameron Diaz
The theoretical understanding of the world, which is the aim of philosophy, is not a matter of great practical importance to animals, or to savages, or even to most civilised men. - Bertrand Russell
Even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is. - Hans Urs von Balthasar
The health care industry can play a great role in this by being aware of the fact that these children form perhaps the most neglected group of people in the country, largely because it is hard to find them. - C. Everett Koop
There has been a change in men's attitudes toward their clothes. Men are more aware of fashion they're not afraid of it. - Calvin Klein
For me, food is all about balance. If you eat plenty of fruits, vegetables, and an appropriate amount of poultry, fish, and red meat that are sourced from good places, you're doing well. It's important to make sure that the meat you're consuming is hormone-free. - Curtis Stone
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home. - Mother Teresa
Sweater, n.: garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly. - Ambrose Bierce
The rise of childhood obesity has placed the health of an entire generation at risk. - Tom Vilsack
They can do without architecture who have no olives nor wines in the cellar. - Henry David Thoreau
I kiss the soil as if I placed a kiss on the hands of a mother, for the homeland is our earthly mother. I consider it my duty to be with my compatriots in this sublime and difficult moment. - Pope John Paul II
Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.' - Edgar Allan Poe
Politics is the only field in which the more experience you have, the worse you get. - Kinky Friedman
For wide swaths of training and education there are valuable spillovers which mean that the private sector needs support from the government. That is why I have been so determined to protect and grow apprenticeships and put higher education on a sustainable footing. - Vince Cable
Your own experience keeps taking you towards something. My book adds the hope that it's a better something. - Moon Unit Zappa
"My mom cooked pot roast with noodles and frozen vegetables. Or she'd make spaghetti or hot dogs, or heat up TV dinners. Before I started modeling at age 19, I was 5'8"" and weighed 165 pounds." - Carol Alt
Inductive reason, which alone makes man master of his environment, is an achievement and when once born it must be reinforced by inhibiting the growth of other modes of knowledge. - Muhammad Iqbal
Human-rights advocates, for example, claim that the mistreatment of Iraqi prisoners is of a piece with President Bush's 2002 decision to deny al Qaeda and Taliban fighters the legal status of prisoners of war under the Geneva Conventions. - John Yoo
Now that I have found someone, I'm feeling more alone... than I ever have before. - Ben Folds
I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure. But it's like, 'Well, are you making movies to be successful? Or are you making movies to learn something?' - Kristen Stewart
Europe is scooters. Europe is five young people on one bench sharing a chocolate bar. Their idea of entertainment and fun is so much different than ours, which is exactly why a movie about them would be funny. - Mike Myers
Those who excel in virtue have the best right of all to rebel, but then they are of all men the least inclined to do so. - Aristotle
Only after I faced the unhappiness of my first marriage did I start on the path of personal growth. - Judith Wright
My health is wonderful. I work out. I'm working. Playing music. I have a beautiful wife, a nice home, a nice car, I got money in the bank. I got three beautiful dogs that love me. Like I said, I'm blessed. I survived. - Steven Adler
Yes, we have the freedom to do what we please, but it only works because we don't do everything we might please - we should exercise some degree of personal, and corporate, responsibility. - Tammy Bruce
The only thing I can't do is hear. I can drive, I have a life with four kids, I work on TV, I do movies, so the deafness question, is it that they want to know because, what? Not sure. - Marlee Matlin
Love is the greatest refreshment in life. - Pablo Picasso
If you want to be certain, you should never get married. You should never change jobs. In fact, you might as well just stay home. Because I don't know anybody who is certain. That need to be certain is just procrastination. - Mark Burnett
Critics can be harsh and I think it's going to take me a long time to make people see what I have inside of me and that I really put my guts into movies and that I'm not superficial and that I'm not just a pretty face. - Diane Kruger
I think I'd like to stay anchoring because, number one, I'm learning a lot, and I love it when I'm learning. And number two, I also have the luxury of a stable life. - Linda Vester
Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of men. We are free agents, and man is more powerful than matter. - Benjamin Disraeli
Books are the legacies that a great genius leaves to mankind, which are delivered down from generation to generation as presents to the posterity of those who are yet unborn. - Joseph Addison
We need to give each other the space to grow, to be ourselves, to exercise our diversity. We need to give each other space so that we may both give and receive such beautiful things as ideas, openness, dignity, joy, healing, and inclusion. - Max de Pree
I have thought a sufficient measure of civilization is the influence of good women. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
President Barack Obama has stood watch over the greatest job loss in modern American history. And that, my friends, is one inconvenient truth that will haunt this President throughout history. - Mitt Romney
To deny the freedom of the will is to make morality impossible. - James Anthony Froude
When trouble comes, focus on God's ability to care for you. - Charles Stanley
When hope is not pinned wriggling onto a shiny image or expectation, it sometimes floats forth and opens. - Anne Lamott
With failure, you just try again. - Judd Nelson
I love cats because I enjoy my home and little by little, they become its visible soul. - Jean Cocteau
The left dismisses talk about the collapse of family life and talks instead about the emergence of the growing new diversity of family types. - Christopher Lasch
It is amazing that people who think we cannot afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, and medication somehow think that we can afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, medication and a government bureaucracy to administer it. - Thomas Sowell
Simply by not owning three medium-sized castles in Tuscany I have saved enough money in the last forty years on insurance premiums alone to buy a medium-sized castle in Tuscany. - Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
There is a growing literature about the multitude of journalism's problems, but most of it is concerned with the editorial side of the business, possibly because most people competent to write about journalism are not comfortable writing about finance. - Russell Baker
Seek freedom and become captive of your desires. Seek discipline and find your liberty. - Frank Herbert
A wise woman recognizes when her life is out of balance and summons the courage to act to correct it, she knows the meaning of true generosity, happiness is the reward for a life lived in harmony, with a courage and grace. - Suze Orman
Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history. - Ralph Abernathy
The great thing about arriving at this age is that I don't even care about my career anymore. - Ron Perlman
The worst part about celebrating another birthday is the shock that you're only as well as you are. - Anne Lamott
It's better to take over and build upon an existing business than to start a new one. - Harold S. Geneen
Let the fear of a danger be a spur to prevent it he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger. - Benjamin Disraeli
Frankly, I got into the movies because I like the movies a lot. - Jack Nicholson
IQ is a commodity, data is a commodity. I'm far more interested in watching people interact at a restaurant with their smartphone. We can all read 'Tech Crunch,' 'Ad Age.' I would rather be living in the trenches. I would rather be going to Whole Foods in Columbus Circle to watch people shop with their smartphones. - Gary Vaynerchuk
False happiness renders men stern and proud, and that happiness is never communicated. True happiness renders them kind and sensible, and that happiness is always shared. - Charles de Montesquieu
Christians are supposed not merely to endure change, nor even to profit by it, but to cause it. - Harry Emerson Fosdick
I have grown up alone. I've taken care of myself. I worked, earned money and was independent at 18. - Ingrid Bergman
A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves. - Proust, Marcel
I would ask my dad what he did, and he'd say, 'I listen to people's problems.' In some way what he did for a living is in my genes. - Marcia Cross
I wish I could be as thin as Jessica Simpson. I think she looks gorgeous! I have had Jessica on my show several times, and I can tell you that girl is genuine and funny with a great self-deprecating sense of humor. - Rachael Ray
But how odd that in this heathen nation of empty pews, where churches' bare, ruined choirs are converted into luxury loft living, a Labour government - yes, a Labour government - is deliberately creating a huge expansion of faith schools. - Polly Toynbee
America needs jobs, smaller government, less spending and a president with the courage to offer more than yet another speech. - Rick Perry
Opposition is true friendship. - William Blake
When you think of how history is revealed, we know certain things to be facts at certain periods of time, which turn out not to be so factual as time marches on. - John Malkovich
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. - Steve Martin
The real estate agent had to go door-to-door in the apartment building we wanted to rent, asking if it was OK for this interracial family - my mom is white and I was a 1-year-old half-African kid - to live in the apartment building. - Tom Morello
If you stand up and be counted, from time to time you may get yourself knocked down. But remember this: A man flattened by an opponent can get up again. A man flattened by conformity stays down for good. - Thomas J. Watson
So many financial dreams are thwarted by the failure to act upon good intentions. - Suze Orman
We know a great deal more about the causes of physical disease than we do about the causes of physical health. - M. Scott Peck
During the periods in my marriage when I chose to stay home with my kids rather than work as an attorney, it caused me no end of anxiety. Despite the fact that I knew I was contributing to our family by caring for our children, I still felt that my worth was less because I wasn't earning. - Ayelet Waldman
Look at the Afghans, during the time of the Soviet invasion. They were among the poorest Muslims in the world, yet they were sustained by their faith in God, and God alone. - Abu Bakar Bashir
One was never married, and that's his hell another is, and that's his plague. - Robert Burton
The cool thing about my profession is that I can do it until the day I die. - Candace Cameron
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream not only plan, but also believe. - Anatole France
Youth is a blunder Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret. - Benjamin Disraeli
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night. - A. J. McLean
My first feeling about the paper and the attitude is that it is absurd. - Arthur Holly Compton
I pop gum. My parents get so annoyed with me. I know my dad wishes he never taught me how to do that. - Hilary Duff
But to the slave mother New Year's day comes laden with peculiar sorrows. She sits on her cold cabin floor, watching the children who may all be torn from her the next morning and often does she wish that she and they might die before the day dawns. - Harriet Ann Jacobs
Most of us women like men, you know it's just that we find them a constant disappointment. - Clare Short
I hope someday we will be able to proclaim that we have banished hunger in the United States, and that we've been able to bring nutrition and health to the whole world. - George McGovern
I recognize we will pay more attention when we have different leadership. - Octavia Butler
The history of astronomy is a history of receding horizons. - Edwin Powell Hubble
The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different. - Peter Drucker
I was taught by my father. He was head of the primary school so I went to his school until I was 11 - I was the youngest of four daughters and we had all been taught by him. But I didn't really enjoy my secondary education that much, probably because I am a very physical person and don't enjoy sitting at a desk all day. - Amanda Burton
There are just certain things that turn my head. It may be a girl's sense of humor, it may be her wit, or her belief system it could be a lot of different things. - Jensen Ackles
We're going to do everything possible to make sure that food safety is always paramount, and that we work with the industry as aggressively as we can to make sure that we're paying attention to the food-safety issues. - Mike Johanns
How true Daddy's words were when he said: all children must look after their own upbringing. Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands. - Anne Frank
I haven't took no punishment. There's nothing cool about taking punishment. - Floyd Mayweather, Jr.
There is nothing new in art except talent. - Anton Chekhov
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like this forever. Is that good news? - W. Somerset Maugham
When people align around shared political, social, economic or environmental values, and take collective action, thinking and behavior that compromises the lives of millions of people around the world can truly change. - Simon Mainwaring
You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility. - Stevie Nicks
An emotional man may possess no humor, but a humorous man usually has deep pockets of emotion, sometimes tucked away or forgotten. - Constance Rourke
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry. - Oscar Wilde
If you think aficionados of a living Constitution want to bring you flexibility, think again. You think the death penalty is a good idea? Persuade your fellow citizens to adopt it. You want a right to abortion? Persuade your fellow citizens and enact it. That's flexibility. - Antonin Scalia
My joking answer to this question is that I leave a bowl of milk out on the back porch every night for the Idea Fairy. In the morning, the milk is gone and there's a brand-new shiny idea by the bowl. - Sarah Zettel
God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars. - Martin Luther
There are no dreams too large, no innovation unimaginable and no frontiers beyond our reach. - John S. Herrington
All my movies got screwed up because of my personality. - Harvey Weinstein
To deprive a man of his natural liberty and to deny to him the ordinary amenities of life is worse then starving the body it is starvation of the soul, the dweller in the body. - Mahatma Gandhi
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius. - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
In this world, everyone wants to know everything about you, and I think that's funny. - Leighton Meester
It's my firm conviction that when Uncle Sam calls, by God we go, and we do the best that we can. - R. Lee Ermey
Civilization grew in the beginning from the minute that we had communication - particularly communication by sea that enabled people to get inspiration and ideas from each other and to exchange basic raw materials. - Thor Heyerdahl
My e-mail address is actually my wife's e-mail address. I actually hate computers. - Joe Sakic
Making films can be absolutely fantastic, but it can also be incredibly dull. You spend the whole day sitting by yourself in your trailer and then you get called to deliver one sentence - then you're told to come back and do it again at 5:30 the following morning. - Kristin Scott Thomas
History shows that there are no invincible armies. - Joseph Stalin
Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones. Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy. - Sarah Palin
Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art. - Thomas Hardy
No, I am not a homosexual. If I were a homosexual, I would hope I would have the courage to say so. What's cruel is that you are forcing me to say I am not a homosexual. This means you are putting homosexuals down. I don't want to do that. - Ed Koch
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. - Pablo Picasso
My dad never blew anything up, but he probably had friends who did. He and my mom have always preached that the pen is mightier than a Molotov cocktail. - Joseph Gordon-Levitt
You're working on being a father, so that is something that when you experience it you'll understand the profundity of wanting to protect something dear to you. - Harvey Keitel
I have a very open line of communication with both my children. - Gloria Estefan
I have lost my seven best friends, which is to say God has had mercy on me seven times without realizing it. He lent a friendship, took it from me, sent me another. - Jean Cocteau
There is no doubt that, as a society, we have become blase about the importance of marriage as a stabilising influence and less inclined to prize it as a worthwhile institution. - Keith O'Brien
I went to the bank and proposed that they lend money to the poor people. The bankers almost fell over. - Muhammad Yunus
Holding on to anger, resentment and hurt only gives you tense muscles, a headache and a sore jaw from clenching your teeth. Forgiveness gives you back the laughter and the lightness in your life. - Joan Lunden
I don't know what the future holds, but I know that God holds tomorrow, so it is exciting. Even when I have hard things happen, He loves me so big, so much. I come through it and I grow from it, because He has got me. - Barbara Mandrell
Dad, I'm in some trouble. There's been an accident and you're going to hear all sorts of things about me from now on. Terrible things. - Edward Kennedy
The only safe ship in a storm is leadership. - Faye Wattleton
My mom was always really healthy and cautious about her diet, so I'm not a big sugar guy. - Paul Walker
The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Australia is the only island continent on the planet, which means that changes caused by planet-warming pollution - warmer seas, which can drive stronger storms, and more acidic oceans, which wreak havoc on the food chain - are even more deadly here. - Jeff Goodell
It is not all bad, this getting old, ripening. After the fruit has got its growth it should juice up and mellow. God forbid I should live long enough to ferment and rot and fall to the ground in a squash. - Josh Billings
I used to think that if I had success I would have freedom. But I have less freedom now than I've ever had. And what gives me satisfaction is not the jewelry and not the cars. What gives me satisfaction is doing things for others, like children. - Criss Angel
Funny is an attitude. - Flip Wilson
Those issues are biblical issues: to care for the sick, to feed the hungry, to stand up for the oppressed. I contend that if the evangelical community became more biblical, everything would change. - Tony Campolo
Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life. - Brian Tracy
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect. - Bruce Lee
The message of Passover remains as powerful as ever. Freedom is won not on the battlefield but in the classroom and the home. Teach your children the history of freedom if you want them never to lose it. - Jonathan Sacks
Little Miss Sunshine' snowballed. It was a tiny movie. We shot it in 30 days, and it was really fun to do, but it was one of those small movies that you don't hold out huge hope for.;Greg Kinnear;hope
36686;The London games mark the 24th anniversary of my winning two golds and setting the world record in the heptathlon. Someone is going to want it records are made to be broken - it's only a matter of time. I hope mine will outlive me.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;hope
36687;My denial and irresponsible attitude about asthma put me at great risk and caused me so much needless suffering. My hope is that the kids I talk to learn to open up about their asthma, become educated about their condition, and seek help.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;hope
36688;The 2012 London Olympic Games fostered a generation of hope. I witnessed women participating for the very first time, representing every nation.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;hope
36689;I remember thinking, That's what I need - and that hope was in Jesus Christ.;Willie Aames;hope
36690;You promised to take care of me and not to turn your back on me. How is it possible that you never wrote to me even once and you never came back to see me? Do you think that it is fun for me to spend months, even years, without any news, without any hope!;Camille Claudel;hope
36691;And I hope America will realise, as the only superpower now, it really must use its power in a way that's going to build up the world, and to support the United Nations.;George Carey;hope
36692;I hope to get out before they start football next year.;Bear Bryant;hope
36693;Your own experience keeps taking you towards something. My book adds the hope that it's a better something.;Moon Unit Zappa;hope
36694;Tragedy is restful: and the reason is that hope, that foul, deceitful thing, has no part in it.;Jean Anouilh;hope
36695;Structure is one of the things that I always hope will reveal itself to me.;Richard Russo;hope
36696;Chemistry is not anything an executive producer or writer can orchestrate or plan you just hope for it.;David E. Kelley;hope
36697;You probably found 'How to Survive a Robot Uprising' in the humor section. Let's just hope that is where it belongs.;Daniel H. Wilson;hope
36698;I hope people like me and appreciate me the way I am.;Steve Yzerman;hope
36699;I hope that when I'm 80 years old, people will still be talking about my wedding.;Jennifer Hudson;hope
36700;I set records that will never be equaled. In fact, I hope 90% of them don't even get printed.;Bob Uecker;hope
36701;Hope thou not much, and fear thou not at all.;Algernon Charles Swinburne;hope
36702;I hope telling stories though 'Making a Difference' - as in my academic work and nonprofit work - will help me to live my grandmother's adage of 'Life is not about what happens to you, but about what you do with what happens to you. - Chelsea Clinton
If you or me go to the gas station to fill up our car and it costs us much more than we expected, it will zap our discretionary income. We won't have the extra money to buy that washing machine or new winter coat-all big ticket items that are important to economic growth. - Maria Bartiromo
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. - Yogi Berra
It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead your made for life. - Jimi Hendrix
I am a horrible visual artist. I can't fix a car, sew, knit, cook, etc. Statistically, there is more I don't do than do. - Carrie Brownstein
The whole point of being in this business and being blessed and being successful is that you're able to do things for your friends or your family, which means that they can have something special in their lives, too. - Elton John
Whenever men take the law into their own hands, the loser is the law. And when the law loses, freedom languishes. - Robert Kennedy
Improving our national intelligence capabilities should remain a top priority and a continual process. - Blanche Lincoln
I care so passionately about improving the quality of life for women and girls, not just here in the United States, but internationally as well. I am a single mom and I raised a daughter who is now a young adult. - Valerie Jarrett
Being big and famous doesn't get you more freedom, it gets you less. - Robert Wyatt
Mom was the one who taught me unconditional love. With Dad, I'd always felt there was something to live up to - expectations. But in the last year, we had a wonderful relationship. - Greg Louganis
We fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them. - Livius, Titus
Never fight an inanimate object. - P. J. O'Rourke
I visited those friends who'd just had a baby, and she was washing dishes and he was cleaning the house, and I burst with happiness. And in their minds, they were in this terrible domestic rut. - Josh Lucas
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig. - Marcus Aurelius
Certain kinds of speed, flow, intensity, density of attacks, density of interaction... Music that concentrates on those qualities is, I think, easier achieved by free improvisation between people sharing a common attitude, a common language. - Evan Parker
Leadership is hard to define and good leadership even harder. But if you can get people to follow you to the ends of the earth, you are a great leader. - Indra Nooyi
It was I who made Fellini famous, not the other way around. - Anita Ekberg
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment. - Mahatma Gandhi
My salary situation at 'Morning Joe' wasn't right. I made five attempts to fix it, then realized I'd made the same mistake every time: I apologised for asking. - Mika Brzezinski
And you also have to do movies that are about commerce because that's what is required of the industry today. - Halle Berry
If you look back today over the last 25 years, it is a fact that we have had a progressive degeneration of our intelligence community in general in particular in the field of human intelligence. - Paul Bremer
Heat of blood makes young people change their inclinations often, and habit makes old ones keep to theirs a great while. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
I try to keep a low profile in general. Not with my art, but just as a person. - Alanis Morissette
Language is the armory of the human mind, and at once contains the trophies of its past and the weapons of its future conquests. - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads. - James Northcote
And I think that if I were a for real celebrity that was recognizable everywhere, I'd just crawl under a rock and you know, have someone run over the rock with a car, or something. - Steve Burns
If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married. - Katharine Hepburn
I always wanted to be a mom. - Heidi Klum
I don't like Los Angeles. The people are awful and terribly shallow, and everybody wants to be famous but nobody wants to play the game. I'm from New York. I will kill to get what I need. - Lady Gaga
There is more to life than increasing its speed. - Mahatma Gandhi
I've always been wary of marriage. - Cynthia Nixon
France, and the whole of Europe have a great culture and an amazing history. Most important thing though is that people there know how to live! In America they've forgotten all about it. I'm afraid that the American culture is a disaster. - Johnny Depp
Why do we capital-N Nerds love Mars so much? Because it's beautiful, it's tough, it's buried in our mythic, childhood memories. It's covered with human triumphs but also with sad stories of failure. - Greg Bear
I have this horrible sense of humor where I think discomfort is funny - partly because I experience discomfort a lot, and it's a way of laughing at it and getting a release. - Joaquin Phoenix
I have a lot of money. - Chuck Palahniuk
There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief. - Aeschylus
You can be self-empowered and still learning about how you think about things daily. - Tori Amos
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha
Opera, next to Gothic architecture, is one of the strangest inventions of Western man. It could not have been foreseen by any logical process. - Kenneth Clark
Teachers have a chance to mold someone, inspire them. I hope all teachers realize that. - Kevin James
That's one of the benefits of working on big budget films. You work with people who have a lot of experience and you get to learn a lot. - Liev Schreiber
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same. - Helen Keller
There was one thing my daddy wouldn't tolerate in any shape, form or fashion, and that was being unkind or rude to somebody. That was just very important to my folks. And as it turns out, that was a legacy that he left me that money can't buy, is how to be able to treat people. - Paula Deen
My mom didn't let me play video games growing up, so now I do. Gaming gives me a chance to just let go, blow somebody up and fight somebody from another dimension. It's all escapism. - Wayne Brady
Nothing that is God's is obtainable by money. - Tertullian
Dawn: When men of reason go to bed. - Ambrose Bierce
The image is where you have dinner at night, who you're seeing. It's what car you drive and how you dress. People in the industry sell that, and it creates a dream. There's nothing else. - Elle Macpherson
What is sad for women of my generation is that they weren't supposed to work if they had families. What were they going to do when the children are grown - watch the raindrops coming down the window pane? - Jackie Kennedy
Fear not that thy life shall come to an end, but rather that it shall never have a beginning. - John Henry Newman
I think I'm going to spend some time learning how to be a first-time mom, and then I'll go back to work. - Linda Cardellini
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is. - Goethe, Johann Von
Hate is too great a burden to bear. It injures the hater more than it injures the hated. - Coretta Scott King
So the brother in black offers to these United States the source of courage that endures, and laughter. - Zora Neale Hurston
For every quarrel a man and wife have before others, they have a hundred when alone. - Howe, Edgar Watson
The feeling remains that God is on the journey, too. - Saint Teresa of Avila
True happiness is... to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Maybe back in the day you didn't need to be the greatest looking to be on TV and you didn't need to speak the best, but in this day and age, I think you need to be the package. You need to look the part for your sponsors, you need to be able to speak the part for the media and to big CEOs. - Danica Patrick
I spend my life essentially alone at a computer. That doesn't change. I have the same challenges every day. - Dan Brown
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse. - John Derek
I always wanted to be honest with myself and to those who have had faith in me. - Rafael Nadal
I want to see a player on the football field. I want to see what kind of teammate they are, what kind of leadership qualities they have. I want to see how aggressive they are, how much fun they have playing the game. - Roy Clark
Democracy is an abuse of statistics. - Jorge Luis Borges
The best thing about giving of ourselves is that what we get is always better than what we give. The reaction is greater than the action. - Orison Swett Marden
I grew up on the golden age of children's TV. - Edward Norton
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user. - Bill Gates
In almost every marriage there is a selfish and an unselfish partner. A pattern is set up and soon becomes inflexible, of one person always making the demands and one person always giving way. - Iris Murdoch
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse. - Charles V
Half the time men think they are talking business, they are wasting time. - E. W. Howe
The lack of money is the root of all evil. - Mark Twain
The true art of memory is the art of attention. - Samuel Johnson
I do not regret one moment of my life. - Lillie Langtry
Love casts out fear, but we have to get over the fear in order to get close enough to love them. - Dorothy Day
Nothing brings me more happiness than trying to help the most vulnerable people in society. It is a goal and an essential part of my life - a kind of destiny. Whoever is in distress can call on me. I will come running wherever they are. - Princess Diana
I think that the millions and millions of young Americans, young Americans, who have health care today, who wouldn't have had it if the president hadn't acted are better off. - David Axelrod
Freedom is the right to live as we wish. - Epictetus
It's not about weight, it's about fitness, and one component of being fit is to have relatively low body fat, because fat is not very efficient, whereas muscle is. - Deborah Bull
My father respected and admired my mother and was a person who was always standing by my side, encouraging me to do more and believed in my capacity. So in that sense, my own experience was very good in becoming an empowered woman. From early on, I carried that strong message: 'You can do it.' So I never had any doubt that women can do a lot. - Michelle Bachelet
I made a very conscious effort to finish 'The Cypress House' before 'So Cold the River' launched, because I thought that would help build a buffer between my writing and any impact that came from either the success or the failure of that first book. - Michael Koryta
It's my goal to make a building as immaterial as possible. Architecture is a very material thing. It takes a lot of resources, so why not eliminate what you don't need as long as you're able to achieve the same result? - Helmut Jahn
I have a three-year-old and a four-year-old at home, and my mornings are about just dealing with the fact of that. I oddly enjoy it. - Damian Lewis
I've been acting my whole life. I have this huge imagination! I'm a dancer and my mom's a dance teacher, and I was always performing and entertaining people. I'd go to see live theatre or a movie, and I'd become the main character for a few days afterwards. I loved being somebody new for a temporary amount of time. - Natasha Calis
It is impossible, as impossible as to raise the dead, to restore anything that has ever been great or beautiful in architecture. That which I have insisted upon as the life of the whole, that spirit which is given only by the hand and eye of the workman, can never be recalled. - John Ruskin
The health care system is really designed to reward you for being unhealthy. If you are a healthy person and work hard to be healthy, there are no benefits. - Mike Huckabee
The relevance for 9/11 is that what 9/11 marked was the beginning of a struggle in which the terrorists come at us and strike us here on our home territory. And it's a global operation. It doesn't know national boundaries or national borders. - Dick Cheney
Undernourished, intelligence becomes like the bloated belly of a starving child: swollen, filled with nothing the body can use. - Andrea Dworkin
When you're happy you find pure joy in your life. There are no regrets in this state of happiness - and that's a goal worth striving for in all areas of your life. - Suze Orman
I always wear the same thing at home. I can't be bothered with jewelry. My pants have elastic waists. I like to be comfortable. There are so many more important things to worry about. - Barbra Streisand
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down.' - Norman Ralph Augustine
Let them hate so long as they fear. - Lucius Accius
Together we can and must fight for justice for our children and protect them from draconian tax cuts and budget choices that threaten their survival, education and preparation for the future. If they are not ready for tomorrow, neither is America. - Marian Wright Edelman
The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
You always hear people saying, 'I hope I'm not turning into my dad', but I'd be honoured if I became half as decent a bloke as he is. - Johnny Vegas
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success. - William Ellery Channing
The trouble with movies as a business is that it's an art, and the trouble with movies as art is that it's a business. - Charlton Heston
There are only two forces that unite men - fear and interest. - Napoleon Bonaparte
A lot of times on tour it's about, 'OK, where am I today? Wow, I'm in Costa Rica. What is their famous dish?' And it's about trying the food, and really experiencing it. - Fergie
The whole business of marshaling one's energies becomes more and more important as one grows older. - Hume Cronyn
The paradox is really the pathos of intellectual life and just as only great souls are exposed to passions it is only the great thinker who is exposed to what I call paradoxes, which are nothing else than grandiose thoughts in embryo. - Soren Kierkegaard
Censorship, like charity, should begin at home, but, unlike charity, it should end there. - Clare Boothe Luce
Fate often puts all the material for happiness and prosperity into a man's hands just to see how miserable he can make himself with them. - Don Marquis
Sudden money is going from zero to two hundred dollars a week. The rest doesn't count. - Neil Simon
Nearly every study shows that competition from cheap foreign labor undercuts the wages of American workers and legal immigrants. - Lamar S. Smith
For an introvert his environment is himself and can never be subject to startling or unforeseen change. - Quentin Crisp
And, we have no such thing as a budget anymore. Our manager freaks when we show him the bill. We're lavish to the bone, but all our money goes back into the product. - Freddie Mercury
There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathise with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores the better. - Oscar Wilde
Courage is knowing what not to fear. - Plato
I'm a mirror. If you're cool with me, I'm cool with you, and the exchange starts. What you see is what you reflect. If you don't like what you see, then you've done something. If I'm standoffish, that's because you are. - Jay-Z
I grew up in a very old-fashioned Roman Catholic, Italian-Irish family in Philly. - Bradley Cooper
If we want to secure the best jobs in the future, we must make America the best place in the world to do business. - Jim DeMint
I love building spaces: architecture, furniture, all of it, probably more than fashion. The development procedure is more tactile. It's about space and form and it's something you can share with other people. - Donna Karan
Psychology keeps trying to vindicate human nature. History keeps undermining the effort. - Mason Cooley
I'm not the girl who always has a boyfriend. I'm the girl who rarely has a boyfriend. - Taylor Swift
Anyone who knows anything of history knows that great social changes are impossible without feminine upheaval. Social progress can be measured exactly by the social position of the fair sex, the ugly ones included. - Karl Marx
The only justification for repressive institutions is material and cultural deficit. But such institutions, at certain stages of history, perpetuate and produce such a deficit, and even threaten human survival. - Noam Chomsky
Any healthy man can go without food for two days - but not without poetry. - Charles Baudelaire
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way. - Eileen Caddy
It will take some time before a politician will capture the imagination of the American people and have the vision and understanding to do what is necessary for a better future for the people of America and the world. - David Korten
I don't think my judgment is that good. I don't know what is funny. - Jerry Stiller
The reason we are doing these types of pat downs and using the advanced imagery technology is trying to take the latest intelligence and how we know al Qaeda and affiliates want to hurt us, they want to bring down whether it is passenger air craft or cargo aircraft. - John Pistole
Does age matter? Time doesn't matter. - Sandra Bullock
We are equally glad and surprised at Winston's return to office. It shows that he was built for success that he should have declined to withdraw and sulk over a superficial failure. - Shane Leslie
True courage is a result of reasoning. A brave mind is always impregnable. - Jeremy Collier
There's a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that haven't. You just do the best you can. - Clint Eastwood
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library. - Frank Zappa
The world is full of a lot of fear and a lot of negativity, and a lot of judgment. I just think people need to start shifting into joy and happiness. As corny as it sounds, we need to make a shift. - Ellen DeGeneres
I think if you have a two-story office and you hire someone who's handicapped, it might be reasonable to let him have an office on the first floor rather than the government saying you have to have a $100,000 elevator. - Rand Paul
Both my mum and dad were great readers, and we would go every Saturday morning to the library, and my sister and I had a library card when we could pass off something as a signature, and all of us would come with an armful of books. - Geraldine Brooks
I put on the best live show, the absolute best live show I can possibly can. - Kesha
The world sees in our conduct, in our behaviour, the proof that we are the real children of God. - Pope Shenouda III
I like the George Romero films, which were really great, social satire movies really twisted. - John Cusack
I have the opportunity to be part of swimming history. To take the sport to a new level would be an honor for me. There's no better time to try this than now. - Michael Phelps
What is at stake in the debate over health care is more than the mere crafting of policy. The issue is now the identity of the Democratic Party. - Thomas Frank
It was important on The Shipping News to have my house far enough away from each location so I had this time in the morning to think about my shots and still remain open to surprises once I got to the set. - Lasse Hallstrom
I think art is the only thing that's spiritual in the world. And I refuse to forced to believe in other people's interpretations of God. I don't think anybody should be. No one person can own the copyright to what God means. - Marilyn Manson
Live by this credo: have a little laugh at life and look around you for happiness instead of sadness. Laughter has always brought me out of unhappy situations. - Red Skelton
Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too. - Frederick Buechner
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content. - Maria Sharapova
Blessed are the people whose leaders can look destiny in the eye without flinching but also without attempting to play God. - Henry A. Kissinger
I need to work to support my family. - Tori Spelling
And my dad, you're a great actor but you're a better father. - Angelina Jolie
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work. - Robert Orben
We can have no progress without change, whether it be basketball or anything else. - John Wooden
And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation. - Khalil Gibran
I believe only in art and failure. - Jane Rule
I saw Ellen and my knees were weak. It was amazing. And it was very hard for me to get her out of my mind after that. Then when I saw her that night, we started talking, and that's that. - Portia de Rossi
There's always a source for humor. - Calvin Trillin
I don't plan on going back to legal work. I wanted an international career, and finance seemed to be where some interesting career opportunities were. - Nick Johnson
Some of us may just, in one-on-one conversations with our family, with our friends, over the back fence with our neighbors, talk about the reality of our lives and realize that we're not alone, that we have a right to be physically safe and emotionally safe in our own homes. - Patricia Ireland
The thing about all my food is that everything is a remembered flavor. Maybe it's something I had as a child or maybe it's something I had in Milan, but I want it to taste better than you ever thought. - Ina Garten
A mere forty years ago, beach volleyball was just beginning. No bureaucrat would have invented it, and that's what freedom is all about. - Newt Gingrich
I'm proud of all the movies I've made. They're not sequels, they're not franchises. And the reason I pick my films carefully is that I don't want to spit on my life. I like to think of myself as more than that. - Kevin Costner
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives. - Russell, Bertrand
I am a candid interview and I have a dark and dry sense of humor - a very Canadian sense of humor and I am only learning now stupidly that you can't read tongue. When I say something funny in a newspaper and I meant it to be funny, it doesn't read that way. - Michael Buble
You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know. - George Eliot
Poverty and lack of knowledge must be challenged. - Russell Simmons
Work is a prayer. And I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator. - Joseph Murray
I like a man who's good, but not too good - for the good die young, and I hate a dead one. - Mae West
I think God made a woman to be strong and not to be trampled under the feet of men. I've always felt this way because my mother was a very strong woman, without a husband. - Little Richard
I find myself hoping a total end of all the unhappy divisions of mankind by party-spirit, which at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few. - Alexander Pope
My problem was that I was blond. There were no heroes with blond hair. Robert Taylor and Henry Fonda, they all had dark hair. The only one I found was Van Johnson, who wasn't too cool. He was a nice, homely American boy. So I created my own image. It worked. - Michael Caine
In 1998, Artnet was the site that convinced me that if my writing didn't exist online, it didn't exist at all. It showed me criticism's future. - Jerry Saltz
For those that are working part time, in small businesses, or who are unemployed and do not currently have health insurance, we want to make sure that you are covered. - Valerie Jarrett
I thank Marc Jacobs so much for giving me the opportunity to design a shoe for Louis Vuitton, but the thing that broke my heart most was when they said, 'You're finished. The shoe's finished.' - Kanye West
All I know is that history repeats itself and people are going to want to experience the world. But I know then they are going to have a better appreciation for what is here in Maine. - John Baldacci
I love meeting famous people. I'm even happy just looking at them. - Joey McIntyre
Youngsters of the age of two and three are endowed with extraordinary strength. They can lift a dog twice their own weight and dump him into the bathtub. - Erma Bombeck
The nations of the West hope that by means of steam communication all the world will become as one family. - Townsend Harris
South Central is just who I am. Even though I have a nice house, nice family, the rest of my generation is still in South Central L.A. My cousins, my brothers, my sisters, they don't wanna move out. - Ice Cube
Having family responsibilities and concerns just has to make you a more understanding person. - Sandra Day O'Connor
Life is either a great adventure or nothing. - Helen Keller
All men are tempted. There is no man that lives that can't be broken down, provided it is the right temptation, put in the right spot. - Henry Ward Beecher
And that's how we build the economy of the future. An economy with more jobs and less debt, we root it in fairness. We grow it with opportunity. And we build it together. - Elizabeth Warren
I made about 28 movies, and I think about five of them were good. - Chevy Chase
Knowledge is ancient error reflecting on its youth. - Francis Picabia
I really unfortunately don't have tons of hilarious Sundance stories, because really I am not the biggest fan of hanging out, but the reason why is because I never go see other people's movies and I think that's the way to do it. - Lizzy Caplan
Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love. - Euripides
Beauty is that which is simultaneously attractive and sublime. - Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant. - Plato
We are either in the process of resisting God's truth or in the process of being shaped and molded by his truth. - Charles Stanley
In my childhood, America was like a religion. Then, real-life Americans abruptly entered my life - in jeeps - and upset all my dreams. - Sergio Leone
Expect to have hope rekindled. Expect your prayers to be answered in wondrous ways. The dry seasons in life do not last. The spring rains will come again. - Sarah Ban Breathnach
The process of making natural history films is to try to prevent the animal knowing you are there, so you get glimpses of a non-human world, and that is a transporting thing. - David Attenborough
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. - Albert Einstein
A nickname is the heaviest stone that the devil can throw at a man. It is a bugbear to the imagination, and, though we do not believe in it, it still haunts our apprehensions. - William Hazlitt
I'd love to be a dad. I hope I'd be great at it. That's every man's fear, yet his most important job. - Matt Damon
I really care about this stuff, I care about movies, and you just have to be strong and don't be stupid freedom of choice is a big responsibility, and I'm lucky enough not to have to just take any movie to pay the rent, so there's no need to be greedy. - Jonah Hill
I would be married, but I'd have no wife, I would be married to a single life. - Charles Bukowski
I hate the idea of causes, and if I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country. - E. M. Forster
I never saw film stars at home. We had no maid, no cook, no swimming pool. - Natalie Wood
I want to talk to the bullied kids of the world. Tell them to hang on, it will get better. Know that an 'Iron Chef,' actors, musicians, artists and all successful people have probably been bullied in their life. And the best part of your life is yet to come. Whatever it takes to live, do it! - Cat Cora
We learn by practice. Whether it means to learn to dance by practicing dancing or to learn to live by practicing living, the principles are the same. One becomes in some area an athlete of God. - Martha Graham
In some sort of crude sense, which no vulgarity, no humor, no overstatement can quite extinguish, the physicists have known sin and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose. - J. Robert Oppenheimer
Literature is the art of discovering something extraordinary about ordinary people, and saying with ordinary words something extraordinary. - Boris Pasternak
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. - Vince Lombardi
There's definitely evidence that capitalism at its most ruthless rewards psychopathic behavior. When you look at the worst corners of the American health insurance industry or the sub-prime banking market, it really feels like the more psychopathically someone behaves, the more it's rewarded. - Jon Ronson
When theater becomes a soothing middle-class thing, when it's packaged as the Night Out, then that's the death of it. - Ralph Fiennes
I'm generally quite an angry person, and I like to channel my anger toward something creative. - Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy
Deficits mean future tax increases, pure and simple. Deficit spending should be viewed as a tax on future generations, and politicians who create deficits should be exposed as tax hikers. - Ron Paul
Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it. - Liv Tyler
Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness. - Zhuangzi
The desire to write grows with writing. - Desiderius Erasmus
When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle. Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me. - Emo Philips
Modern education has devoted itself to the teaching of impudence, and then we complain that we can no longer control our mobs. - John Ruskin
I am privileged to be a citizen of the single greatest society in all of human history. - Marco Rubio
I believe there is a relationship between having an interest in the arts and the behaviour of society as a whole. Some politicians find it difficult that the arts is a weapon of happiness... Politics is often about deprivation rather than the opening up of ideas and nourishing creative endeavour. - Richard Eyre
Insofar as international law is observed, it provides us with stability and order and with a means of predicting the behavior of those with whom we have reciprocal legal obligations. - J. William Fulbright
You know that I am living proof that the American Dream is real. Growing up, our congressman cut through government bureaucratic red tape to help my mom buy our first house. That's the kind of congressman I'll be. - Geoff Davis
To some extent, Seattle remains a frontier metropolis, a place where people can experiment with their lives, and change and grow and make things happen. - Tom Robbins
If children are not introduced to music at an early age, I believe something fundamental is actually being taken from them. - Luciano Pavarotti
I mean, I do think at a certain point you've made enough money. - Barack Obama
I suppose I miss the British cynicism and the humor. - Rod Stewart
I've had an exciting time I married for love and got a little money along with it. - Rose Kennedy
Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things. - Adam Sandler
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position. - Christopher Marlowe
A government is invigorated when each of us is willing to participate in shaping the future of this nation. - Barbara Jordan
The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. - John Stuart Mill
I used to work a lot on food issues and every time somebody predicted that production would be inadequate they got egg on their face a year or two later. - Susan George
The white man's happiness cannot be purchased by the black man's misery. - Frederick Douglass
If it's the Psychic Network why do they need a phone number? - Robin Williams
I have always thought that change you can see and feel is best. - Henry Rollins
I have a real passion for many aspects of home lifestyle and beauty. - Rachel Roy
Well mine is not gimmicky - it is the 6 food groups that God made, and exercising every day. Trying to think positively. - Richard Simmons
My father was against the death penalty, and that was hard in the Son of Sam summer when fear was driving the desire for the death penalty. - Andrew Cuomo
I believe the home and marriage is the foundation of our society and must be protected. - Billy Graham
One of the essential elements of government responsibility is to communicate effectively to the American people, especially in time of a potential terrorist attack or a natural disaster. - Vito Fossella
We reproach people for talking about themselves but it is the subject they treat best. - Anatole France
The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting. - Dave Barry
It's not that I don't want to become famous or that I'm obsessed by my work as an actress, but it's all about not limiting myself, such as putting myself in a little jail that I can escape from. - Sarah Polley
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order. - Theodor Adorno
Our future cannot depend on the government alone. The ultimate solutions lie in the attitudes and the actions of the American people. - Joe Biden
Only one thing can conquer war - that attitude of mind which can see nothing in war but destruction and annihilation. - Ludwig von Mises
My opponents attitude is, 'If it moves, tax it, if it keeps moving, regulate it and when it stops, subsidize it. - Rob Simmons
The distinction between children and adults, while probably useful for some purposes, is at bottom a specious one, I feel. There are only individual egos, crazy for love. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death. - Arthur Schopenhauer
My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone, that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I'm also very proud of being a very American chef. - Bobby Flay
I'm a believer in belief. Faith is something that works - it causes people to do things, it has results. It's an intangible, indefinable, very real thing. And it moves people, sometimes to atrocity. And sometimes to survival. - Tommy Lee Jones
The art of medicine was to be properly learned only from its practice and its exercise. - Thomas Sydenham
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it. - Ernst Fischer
Isn't it the moment of most profound doubt that gives birth to new certainties? Perhaps hopelessness is the very soil that nourishes human hope perhaps one could never find sense in life without first experiencing its absurdity. - Vaclav Havel
I hate to say it, but the older you get, you really do have to cut down on the amount you eat. Less food and less portions. - Jackee Harry
I never called my work an 'art'. It's part of show business, the business of building entertainment. - Walt Disney
I'm always amazed at anyone's interest in what I have to say. - Orlando Bloom
Dreams are not without meaning wherever thay may come from-from fantasy, from the elements, or from other inspiration. - Paracelsus
Romance and novel paint beauty in colors more charming than nature, and describe a happiness that humans never taste. How deceptive and destructive are those pictures of consummate bliss! - Oliver Goldsmith
Good words cool more than cold water. - John Ray
Life would be tolerable but for its amusements. - George Bernard Shaw
We are used to female writers who use their private lives as unmitigated material being somewhat hormonal this somehow 'excuses' what might be seen as a highly unfeminine ability to turn their personal upsets into money. - Julie Burchill
Good design is making something intelligible and memorable. Great design is making something memorable and meaningful. - Dieter Rams
If I advocate cautious optimism it is not because I do not have faith in the future but because I do not want to encourage blind faith. - Aung San Suu Kyi
Women, as they grow older, rely more and more on cosmetics. Men, as they grow older, rely more and more on a sense of humor. - George Jean Nathan
The ultimate end of all revolutionary social change is to establish the sanctity of human life, the dignity of man, the right of every human being to liberty and well-being. - Emma Goldman
You have to master not only the art of listening to your head, you must also master listening to your heart and listening to your gut. - Carly Fiorina
It is not strange... to mistake change for progress. - Millard Fillmore
My mom has a good way of engaging me in a conversation about the choices I make, listening, being objective and open-minded, and respecting those choices so long as they don't put me in danger. - Casey Affleck
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it. - William James
I gather from a lawyer that there was a rehearsal yesterday. We haven't a hope. I know the presiding judge too: I've had the misfortune to sleep with his wife. He was specially picked. - Alphonse Karr
American and Israel share a special bond. Our relationship is unique among all nations. Like America, Israel is a strong democracy, a symbol of freedom, and an oasis of liberty, a home to the oppressed and persecuted. - William J. Clinton
My grandfather gave me inspiration to cook, and love food and flavors. My Aunt Raffie, gave me creativity and the inspiration to create new things. My mother inspires me to find simplicity in food. - Giada De Laurentiis
Hence poetry is something more philosophic and of graver import than history, since its statements are rather of the nature of universals, whereas those of history are singulars. - Aristotle
The land created me. I'm wild and lonesome. Even as I travel the cities, I'm more at home in the vacant lots. - Bob Dylan
If the government fails to listen to your demands, then you will decide what is best for you. - Muqtada al Sadr
Fishing provides that connection with the whole living world. It gives you the opportunity of being totally immersed, turning back into yourself in a good way. A form of meditation, some form of communion with levels of yourself that are deeper than the ordinary self. - Ted Hughes
Because primarily of the power of the Internet, people of modest means can band together and amass vast sums of money that can change the world for some public good if they all agree. - William J. Clinton
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser. - Albert Einstein
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability. - Henry Ford
We support every effort to combat international terrorism through the formulation of international conventions and hope that the international community will take further steps to improve the anti-terrorism international legal framework. - Li Peng
I guess the real reason that my wife and I had children is the same reason that Napoleon had for invading Russia: it seemed like a good idea at the time. - Bill Cosby
Stop being conned by the old mantra that says, 'Leaders are cool, managers are dweebs.' Instead, follow the Peters Principle: Leaders are cool. Managers are cool too! - Tom Peters
I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led, and bearding every authority which stood in their way. - Thomas Jefferson
If you live through the initial stage of fame and get past it, and remember thats not who you are. If you live past that, then you have a hope of maybe learning how to spell the word artist. - Patrick Swayze
When I was working on Eye of the Beholder, I played a character who is so aloof that my whole lifestyle became very aloof. If someone knocked on my door, there was a part of me that went into a rage, because I wanted to be isolated and alone. - Ashley Judd
But let there be spaces in your togetherness and let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. - Khalil Gibran
Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for it is better to be alone than in bad company. - George Washington
I would expect illegal alien parents to take care of their children. If it means the kids go back home with them, that's what happens. If it means there are legal relatives in the United States that can take care of them, that can happen to. But I believe it's the parents responsibility to take care of the kids. - Mo Brooks
What is the recipe for successful achievement? To my mind there are just four essential ingredients: Choose a career you love, give it the best there is in you, seize your opportunities, and be a member of the team. - Benjamin Franklin Fairless
In a progressive country change is constant change is inevitable. - Benjamin Disraeli
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom. - Malcom X
No institution can possibly survive if it needs geniuses or supermen to manage it. It must be organized in such a way as to be able to get along under a leadership composed of average human beings. - Peter Drucker
I don't think healthcare's a right. The only right you have is the ability to go out on an even playing field and work, and then purchase health insurance, or whatever it is. - Adam Carolla
Movies these days have made killers into funny people. What's that all about? I've got kids and family and friends, and I don't like bad things. I don't think they're funny, and it's irresponsible to make movies that don't show you how that's not good. - Billy Bob Thornton
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light. - Helen Keller
Happiness lies neither in vice nor in virtue but in the manner we appreciate the one and the other, and the choice we make pursuant to our individual organization. - Marquis de Sade
It has never been, and never will be easy work! But the road that is built in hope is more pleasant to the traveler than the road built in despair, even though they both lead to the same destination. - Marion Zimmer Bradley
Texas was such a welcoming place, and with its unbelievable history and tradition, it's extra special to be a part of that. - Ricky Williams
The work of an advertising agency is warmly and immediately human. It deals with human needs, wants, dreams and hopes. Its 'product' cannot be turned out on an assembly line. - Leo Burnett
A few months after graduation I was working in films. It took off pretty quick. - Moira Kelly
In this country it is a good thing to kill an admiral from time to time to encourage the others. - Voltaire
Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. - Alexander Hamilton
It says something about this new global economy that USA Today now reports every morning on the day's events in Asian markets. - Lawrence Summers
I made some friends at Listerine and they taught me a little bit about oral care. That half of adults suffer from oral disease, that the number one chronic disease among children is oral disease, that we're only taking care of 25% of our mouths when brushing alone and there are more germs in your mouth than there are people on the planet. - Ginnifer Goodwin
The best of us must sometimes eat our words. - J. K. Rowling
No one would remember the Good Samaritan if he'd only had good intentions he had money as well. - Margaret Thatcher
It's not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. We've gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think it's a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done. - Dick Cheney
I wrote because I needed to and wanted to. It never occurred to me that I'd become famous. - Danielle Steel
Hollywood is a suction for your confidence or your faith or your togetherness. Just walking on the street you can feel it. - Robin Wright Penn
My father is a chemist, my mother was a homemaker. My parents instilled in us the feeling that learning was the most exciting thing that could happen to you, and it never ends. - Rita Dove
The love of a mother is the veil of a softer light between the heart and the heavenly Father. - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
I like high impact movies. - Kathryn Bigelow
I am so blessed. I've been way over-blessed. At 64 years old, I look forward to going to bed every night so I can wake up in the morning and see what blessing is going to come my way that day. Because you never, ever know what God's got in store for you. - Paula Deen
Since I travel so much, it's always great to be home. There's nothing like getting to raid my own refrigerator at two in the morning. - Amy Grant
Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. If it works big, others quickly copy it. Then you do something else. The trick is the doing something else. - Leonardo da Vinci
You say that your hope is in God, and he will, I am sure, stand by you. But you must not forget that you have been given worldly means to use and employ against human arrogance and wrong it is necessary to see such things with a broad mind in order to oppose them. - Knute Nelson
But I am just as appalled that my experience, knowledge, dedication and service relative to defending the United States against biological warfare has been turned against me in connection with the search for the anthrax killer. - Steven Hatfill
I don't want people to sit there and objectively watch the film. I want them to experience it as something that's under their skin, so you try to make the films really tactile. - Danny Boyle
I am still far from being what I want to be, but with God's help I shall succeed. - Vincent Van Gogh
The real democratic American idea is, not that every man shall be on a level with every other man, but that every man shall have liberty to be what God made him, without hindrance. - Henry Ward Beecher
City governments ought to be abolished, if only as a public health measure. - L. Neil Smith
I think wine is such a big universe that it's kind of like food - it's intimidating to a lot of people, myself included. - Padma Lakshmi
Our records, if you have a dark sense of humor, were funny, but our records weren't about comedy. They were about protests, fantasy, confrontation and all that. - Ice Cube
I want to help children in Serbia and around the world so they can realize their dreams. - Novak Djokovic
Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence. Faith is belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence. - Richard Dawkins
Our wisdom comes from our experience, and our experience comes from our foolishness. - Sacha Guitry
I refused David Letterman's proposal of marriage for obvious reasons, but thanks for asking. - Teri Garr
Once you're a mom, always a mom. It's like riding a bike, you never forget. - Taraji P. Henson
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend. - Melody Beattie
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Well, I think the main message is there is more to your story. There is more than what happens between the crib and the grave, and that is what I am really trying to speak to, this idea that all of life is this life and that there is nothing more than what we see and experience right here on this earth. - Max Lucado
A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad. - Bodhidharma
Flattery is a kind of bad money, to which our vanity gives us currency. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
If you like the health insurance that you have you should be able to keep it, but if you don't like the health insurance you have, you should be able to choose something else. - Ron Wyden
Well, I think one of the main things that you have to think about when acting in the movies is to try not to make the acting show. - James Stewart
I haven't seen Clones, which has been during this period when I haven't seen much of anything, but I did see Phantom Menace, and see my feelings about it - see, first of all, I think that when you make a lot of movies, your attitude about the movies changes. - Lawrence Kasdan
Let love flow so that it cleanses the world. Then man can live in peace, instead of the state of turmoil he has created through his past ways of life, with all those material interests and earthly ambitions. - Sai Baba
I chose America as my home because I value freedom and democracy, civil liberties and an open society. - George Soros
Anybody with a sense of humor is going to put on my album and laugh from beginning to end. - Eminem
As far as friendships go, things change even without the fame. People start moving on. I have a few friends that are married and are starting to have kids and I'm like, 'Oh my goodness gracious - that's so insane.' I also have friends who are just doing their own thing, which is cool. - Jordin Sparks
I don't want to hope anymore. I don't think we should hope anymore. We hoped enough. Now we have to do. We all have to do now. - will.i.am
If you have issues with family, friends, and people at work, try and solve these issues head on so you can move on and concentrate on having the life you want. - Heidi Klum
She is a friend of mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order. It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind. - Toni Morrison
Most bands don't even last fourteen months let alone fourteen years. - Peter Steele
Intelligence recognizes what has happened. Genius recognizes what will happen. - John Ciardi
We take our kids for physical vaccinations, dental exams, eye checkups. When do we think to take our - our son or daughter for a mental health checkup? - Gordon Smith
My dad is a doctor, a professor of psychiatry, and my mum is a psychotherapist. - Ben Barnes
I like to do something I fear. - Heath Ledger
There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. - Andre Gide
On some campuses, change is effected through nonviolent or even violent means. - Hillary Clinton
As different streams having different sources all mingle their waters in the sea, so different tendencies, various though they appear, crooked or straight, all lead to God. - Swami Vivekananda
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them. - Bruce Lee
Government will not fail to employ education, to strengthen its hands, and perpetuate its institutions. - William Godwin
Courage and grace are a formidable mixture. The only place to see it is in the bullring. - Marlene Dietrich
The American formula for creating business is not to have the government create business. - John Sununu
Surround yourself with the best people you can find, delegate authority, and don't interfere as long as the policy you've decided upon is being carried out. - Ronald Reagan
It is very easy to love alone. - Gertrude Stein
As I get older I'm more and more comfortable being alone. - Sienna Miller
I'm opening up my heart to the idea of dating. It's funny - my friends would always come to me for romantic advice. I know nothing, and things have changed since I was dating in high school! I'm really trying hard to spend this time working on myself. - Olivia Wilde
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. - Theodore Hesburgh
Education doesn't change life much. It just lifts trouble to a higher plane of regard. - Robert Frost
hi
cum
why not like junix
hello
good morning!
Idk even know who that is ngl
Blame germ
she and wice dating right
im chatting while I can
Junix is awesome
Change your name
Hoe
uhh
kinda
Gg
To what
Nice pfp
I got nothin pal
ginger for the win
say I dont like the jujube dude
hii
K
Germ is paying omg ?
Ty ur too
gg
a!nude
I wanna see you nude
Yw :) n thx
Ctrl c ctrl v
sighs.

Nah but fr whose junix
looks like depressed moto
m not gay
I'm a mp sniper uk
oh
sperm
Lel
mad lad
junix this is not an emergency
Damn shes a co owner
u teach me where u like to be licked so I'll be pro at eating girls out
Is the bot broken 
he took the bin out

Ears

skill issue

$vip
not lick like kiss
Do ruinnae
Put ruinnae in the name
Not rianne
$sup
germ calls me ruinnae
today is my bday and i didnt even cut cake
i hate celebrating
woww
Oh
every bday am js in the bed watching netflix
Give me the address, I'll cut it when I get it 
E sure why not
Im bored
i broke my charger real
Hapoy birthday kate
?nuke
So Ill delete the msgs in the gw myself
ty'
smh

Ezkcheck invitesi atabilecek varmi
Hey papi
True
Greedy ppl god dammit
Lol
I Will get eaten
Dm not open
..
Wat noe
k ben echt blij
veel meer rust nu
Hi vox the fox


Hmm okay
Ohja je had examens
hoe gingen ze
Give sunucusu lzm
ja sommige goed, sommige kaolo slech
wtf
Now we
lol.
/workclaim
Wanna play a few to warm up for ranked
Back
Kate got ban?
@kate
lmfao
Oh thank god
big fan
yeah i gotta get a bunch of kills rn
nee
Same
and then hopefully daddy and I are high enough rank
Mommy
done
boosted
What's this sticker
Spending much time in Christmas then when I am on break for my exams snd health I got demoted
Isn't this for nitro's
Very gud
animated sticker's
:emoji: :cherry_grass:
Yo
:tr_kermit_coffee
I can't
What happened
Only one more boost
You guys are
Master is good
Hmmmmm
Me
owwo daily
xD
Anyone still here?
orewa luffy
fuck me daddy
mooi
hoi

i cough  a wild Pikachu
Nope

I think that zbd released that update a bit early
I can collect the points without captcha now 
I think so
Or they wanted EA quality in the avatar system
what update ?
fuck me daddy tibbe
wallet update
This
lets fuck
how are you all
Ready Player Me on wallet
I am fine
yes
Ranked now?
updating now
update your wallet
nice
Avatar feature
ummm okay
To playstore and update
oh its another update

Checkout
With AAA game quality
no lmao
one more and then ranked
but it looks alright for a mobile app
promise. this is the last event i need
I mean the bugs
Does not even load correctly on my phone
W daily
updating rn
Hello
hru ?
W vote
Probably because my phone is bad
same lol
Whb
lo ok
W choose s,bj,cf,cft
...
......
W s all
fine wbu
i'm ok ty
W sell all
apoku
i just won a nitro boost in a server but idk if they are legit
j4 dm
how did u get gw manager 
i did a no req nitro boost gave by me yesterday ?
W bj all
I'm bored
W cf all
this is why i have gw manager + mega donator role
my account is locked to due to too many incorrect password attempts
hmmm
._.
Ws all
i like this screen
W cash
u are bad very bad
Hi guys
hruy ?
what ?
bruh
pilz have gf
a lot
ong hi
the love beggins
i wish
= cute kid
it's ur birthday ?
yh

ye,u have alot of gf
ignore her
Wassup
Was studying
he doesnt
the fact improve u r lying
Okayy.  How are u,  Katie?? Your b'day going good???
in monke server ?
Gimme monke server link
monke gang is kinda dead rn xd
dms
Damn i need a Holger build
am fine , i didnt even do anything for my bday am js staying in bed and chatting in discord
I had a good one but i didn't save it
you want any other modes?
Isn't that boring for you?
nope
Deadmatch is the worse
After snd
Better hp and dom
that is not boring||~~ (since she have you)~~||
ew lmao ok i get eaten in those but ya lets try
im determined
Hi Buddy,  how are you?
tyy
Good how about you
Same,  but I'm sick
rip
eh
.-.
ok?
Wanna do a trade
i wont do it
don't worry
........
w scem trade?
Noo
just buy it ._.
drink medicine and tea
Nice spectacles
I can't buy it
this is not roblox server btw
You buy one
And will do a trade
Lol can't breath
Who?

whos @ me pls in this chat
S4s Pls DM ME
Wdym by send gamepass.. Should i make a gamepass??
XD
sexting yapcak var
bruh obviously
carl-bot is sh*t
Mommy emo
huh
Please DM me
You realized it now?
Carl will be mad
is dit de enige echte Tuur?
What happened bro
Yesh
knk o bot
Drop when I get robux?
Yep
W pray
I was just telling that i got siblings
who is your father?
Wbj all
Wcf all
4k
Lixa yo
 
Hru
Papa is unknown ask mommy
Brella has a bf.
dummy bot
So he will be your daddy
Done
understand
imagine nitro classic
But she is genderless
who me what
nitro classic the real one
tysm
basic is for kids
Hii, I'm fine wby
Not you
$steal
Brella can be my mom
Ja
so ur a kid
Lmaoooo
carl bot
not dyno
i have nitro classic not badic
basic,
My bot
Echo
Beam
Using bot cmds in general
Yeni hesaplar gelmesin dm
dumbass can't even see i corrected myself
bruh wf
what happening
this sh*t it dumb

Noob
Noooooo
-i
Gtk I'm fine too
gellll
sorry my bad.
YEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
Sell
TYSM
Np
shush
used to dyno cmds xd
brother I usually use other bot, and they have that algorithm.
. Hahahaha
Which bot you use
dyna
I thought she lesbian
Dyno
u stupid
bedava s#rgu iin dm
dyno getting worst.
Wpray
Yesss
Wdaily
Glad to hearr
iyi o zmn
Hiiii
I'm back
MonkeGang?
Hello 
Hi back
First One To Be My Mom Will Get A Nitro
What is that name for?
Ws all gir
I thought she touched grass
Boost or basic?
aabilcen mi anydesk
Cf t all gir
Yeah she is
Wcash
And pink monke to get the role
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
She did
cf t all
Lan t koysana
Lynx bj all gir
nobody wants nitro then
How are y'all
Good wbu
Wct all
Winv
BROOO BOYS CAN'T BE
WTF
Wc all
Hangsii
MOM
w cash
I said i want nitro only
Cf t all gir lynx
LoL
Turkay
nice pings
But I'm man
prepare for more
Lolll
w cf t all
Yo de
w sell all
Mb bruh and ngl u shouldn't give away nitro boost cause the rest kinda sucks
Burhhhhhh
This server is trash
Hangi elmas
Royal cash a
benim
full perm
From my account
Nee
Welcome backkkk
ik heb daar bewijs van
Ee
It shows invites by vanity
als t goed is
wbj all
cat gang died
Yokki
Ntg
supernova died
Is Scissor seven good
Dat is vervelen kan je hem niet ff snel op je pc hosten?
Of bij een nadere host?
kwartier niemand?
Andere*
Yeah very good
I see
Yoi
Ima try watching it
Ik heb de code niet 
Bart is de coder
bhaha
Robbeeee
still idrc
Hi racist btw
Yumrul
no gw today.
Bisaha
Same.
Ebeni
Maiko Doing World Tour
When I'll be busy :(
we will share dank dark jokes.
Hello Vox
I started watching anime from that.
XD then watch'
Yes thank you
I didn't watched any yet
Are you boy or girl
Heyoo
and anime is getting cringe.
Ohw
NOT.
You don't know my college
Yall saying so many
Hi critzz
Who the real monke one
terkn.
Has monke pfp
Tell the name brother.
phone verification net
srs
never.
who?
Good once i saw you
luckily im amazing and i did phone verification
Whats that
natuurlijk niet
Vixy

geef mij
Wow
Hi Vox
So r u trying to say that
Do i change my name do monke gang
ik zou niet doen
who not?
When u saw me u got a bad day?
Fine hbu
maar da acc is al getermd
It got better when i saw u
dan kan het niet
sukkel
wel
Tell wice then.
Why?
ik heb weer een nieuw acc op die mail
Sont
I dont have too
suggestion.
Tysm
You made my day even better yoohoo
She cant view channels..
Cant change my name
level up.
dk just level up.
Wait
Prime
dus wat heeft dat voor zin dan?
Umm okie
je bent geen phone verif nodig dan toch
I fix
XD why
wat heb je er mee gedaan dan
absolutely not loyal :v
where do I report
dm advertisement?
lol dit is echt random
Hee
thanks
Which nickname mu want
shiny
low iv
high iv
BJ
maar ben shiny aan het testen
dus daarom pingt hij bij non-shinys
Critz

Im a girl
You have it rn
run hem nu op 4 accs
Dm of a staff

go date her ill date miku
Oh then CritzRizzler
No it aint for me
ja dat is dus geen shiny
helaas
Just recom me some harem anime
i need to sell this shit
And ill give u something
In the dms

dxd?
don't want + didn't asked.
U DID asked
Everyone thinks
Sw stcaksab gelmem
Raku Ichijou, date a live?
I will get more
Who knows
Helo
Cw yaz
I agree
this is a pain in the ass
W sell cw
W inv yaz
Saol
Yaz
Wh yaz
Wlb yaz
Tm
kardi na villagers wali baat.
W sell all yZ
Looks dope
ohk brother.
Wh yazmaya devam et
stersen etme
Agar hota toh? Vashe mai Sikh hu
S. m
joke marna tha ek 
-rmi
I mean, we don't have access to the server.
Napim
so, I thought you are doing something.
Havw
W vah
no acti event
Wah
Hi am back again
Now we have.
W upg efficiency all
soon.
Nolur ya
Cookie basim
Cristiano hep scam serverleri
talk in english brother.
Goodd
hello majdoor.
Angreji nhi ati anna
Idli dosa khaoge
My stomach hurts
vannakam
congo
want some dosa with extra coconut?
ye kya hai
Ka k var
EVET
Bitti
Xd
tera future
Yok la cikiom
sorry, I thought something else.
Periods
Hadi Allah'a emanet
good news it is
Tell me 
Wcf 4
ladka Or ladki
bro don't get ranged lmao
W bj lal
Cristiano benim arkasin ortagiydi ordan  biliyorum
tera salka hoga bhai janede.
Cogunlukla fake proff atiyorlar
you pregnant
Bol diya bande ne
Oh sorry
if thats not a sarcasm then brother grow up, that was a joke.
Same , what you doin
if my server gets suspended
Who is having a baby
songs
Omg guys
I thought you and kanna girl
will i be able to back it up  or no
Micheal
Ahlan
just asking before i use the host
Who remembers that song kiki do u love me
no one.
JSGDGDGDGDHDHDHD
Congrats him
Iam the uncle
emperor ki mammi.
you just want attention
No one.
Omg what
I know
Tera baap
yea, I am father emperor ki mammi is mother.
yes, you can do that from **Manage Servers**
English chat hai bro
And iam uncle
What happened to your role
am i able to back it up after it gets supsended
co owner indian hai
Who's son xD
he is diff ayush.
Acha
or do i have to make a backup that I can use after it gets suspended but I have to make it before
Umm which role
does that even make sense 
XD too many ayush
Who's mum then ?
stay tuned 
his mum.
Who is the son
congo Micheal ka new bhai aagya
yeah and one is from finland 
Really
cha muda
Wait he is pregnant
in whole world ayushs are there.
sen ne dion
Breh you dad emperor son who is the mother
This one or other one
Micheal is preg
Pardon lan kaxunun a.
Who said to u
no he is my son, his mother is my wife, and we are going to have new son.
hitler seni sigsin
other one, he is mod.
Type @ayush and see
ikisininde
giveaway kab hogi
oh, that I don't know, I was referring to unsuspending it
AKWKWKEK 
Ayush, Aditya are everywhere.
ah alright
anydesk acak
yok mu
ne isterse vericme
mk
common name
kardina villagers wali baat. 
Sadexe
Yok BROM
staff application
yok bnde
can't apply now many staffs here.
Guys see my banner
Your profile
be active you would be chosen later.
bu sunucu
fakir
Teldende oluyor la
kurtaramz
bizi
Banner?
Anydesk ne mk harbi
Haridej aq
PCNZ
VARSA
DM GELN
YETERL..
Var
Both photo and banner
GEL BABA
olmuyor
kanka
fir aj mai admin hota
Yeah 4
Yav oluyor a. Q
OLMUYOR
AMK
OLMUYORRRRRRR
FAKRZ
Oh, your main ya. Dream about it.
The dude in my pfp is a boy
Wannabe alpha girl.
NERDEN PC PARASI GELSN
BREMN
Thats easy
It's look like girl
he is 
They don't look like a girl
zengin amik
You ask anyone
Write with yourself
wsell all
/messages
Bruh
ws all
Bro does my pfp look like a girl
Scroll a little

Your main banner. dream about that thing
beynimin iin
dull fuman
Lmfao
nice now we wait
my dawg
My banner is w Wice
:dd
padhle
Kost wss wel veel servers dit
Your old pfp
I knew it
Ohhhh
But I forgot 
I seee hehehee
Hru y'all?
Yeah 
I don't have work
ohwww
das wel jammer
Betojgar
wnr ga je wel dan =
In morning when I was in class
berozgaar
-lb invites
I should take money for helping
still berozgaar
oops


i help you everytime and this is what you do to me?
yes.
Too much fun in school
I came from the hospital and my health condition is good
well then fuck you
Hru guys

Am jealous now lol
Fine u?
Btw am Class Topper xD
thats with flow i didnt mean it 
oh fuck
Today my birthday but so sad bday cos my grandma past day before yesterday 
holy shit
shouldnt have said that
Fine thnx for asking

Why you didn't do
Oh sad Let the place be a paradise
Haa
cibai la
i dm marchy lah
Fine hbuu?

I'm ok, ty
CRYSTO
Yes me
Is there anyone who is a Muslim?
oh i'm so sorry
Herkes sustu bruh
Hi vox PLS dont dox
sad story
fuck off
Harbi
Btw u know how to send the nitros manually
Via the site?
I'm good wbu
his nitro ended????????
me too, ty for asking
shut
Where are you from
i would love to dm him
japan

In certain cases we will send you your server files, however we may fully delete suspended servers when storage is low and if we have deleted your server there is nothing we can do.
Wice typing....
Really you know japnese
I also saw
Be a good cat
yep
And u expect me to sleep???
As
skem
Why crying

Valt wel mee ig
Woah
Where do you live
Kan er weinig aan doen
E tabi
Finland you?
Ohh im from poland
Poland
K zit nu op scholl
Klopt dat is het stomme
Kan thuis aan op me pc
Oh exchanging money
I wanna get member from Papau n
Where you live
Succes
loolll
I'm going to eat afk food

cold
snowy
Explain please
Ew
crysto san
Lol hi
Why you Need that Island
Oh, nice.
My birthday gone,gift me
Im rich
Amazon? 
Or where
bro, remote area.
Wice gave
LMAO

Hamza
Bj all gir
I give to wice
And I got warned for writing in polish
Bcs it's ad money
oh.
Bj all gir kanka
Ohk
Alright thanks
Huh who did
I understood
Cuz Wice doesnt Have Paypal
Efendim
GodCreator
ANd you Helping to receive money
Are you talking with him
Wq
Box very loyal
jej dm me fast
noo
Aga  ok kolay
Ofc
Good guy
Teklersin
Go guys
Bad luck 

Good afternoon
yeah.
Today gw when lol
Ping?
Hahah yo sorry
Anyone wants to do are nitro for gw
Yapma gerek yok
Leooo
Hi hru
Heya
fine, what about you?
Np hru
Me too 
I am fine and what about you
Knk kendini kasma
Ooit
Wat boeit dat
Ne konuda knl

Yooo
Just alive thx for asking
Wlb all
Heyy
Eeee
Helloo
Yoo Dyna long time no talk
Evaaaa
same bro hru bro
Omg no way
Dynaaaa
W crate all
Congrats 
Ne gibi
Its blocked
Wsell rw
Hru bro
In my country
Knk dm bak burdam ban yerim
Same with Spotify
Leo is ignoring me
Hamza dm bak
congrats bro
How are you?
Fine hby
evaa u ignored me :((
same ty
Sed
I said dynaaa
Kenanhesanzade??
WOAH
MY FAULT SORRY
Evt
Ahsgshshhshaha
Because I'm still alive
Nppp
Amin dostum amin kafana takma
why you ignoring the legend man
Sax sux ko battein
Vro you got nitro
Bende de yok ki
Welcum bac to staff
cash cek
For Nitro winner xD
yes elma double boosted also
First to dm me gets nitro
Who who ping me
Wwc all
Ohh  thx
she evaa
You Indian?
i feel shhhhh
AHAGHAHAHAHA
wt the 
OMG I JUST LAUGHED
HRUU EVAA
man refers to you lmao
No you didn't
IM FINE DYNAA HBY
samee tyfa gtkk
Thx bro
how u doing bro
Monke scem me
It's called Laugh
im doing great how about you mate?
im fine bhai tu kaisa hein
Im rich?
Brooo
im fine bro ty
Buy servers
can u but me
no you aren't.
Too much rich
Hoi
damn yes
No.
accha hu brother.
I dont need
Notl
Kasie ho
Hoe gaat het met iedereen hier?
Sab
im done with lyf now
Hamza bj all gir
Omg asist dmed me
Whats tyfa
ey terim anneni gotten sikeyim
nice self-service
Bro's day today
You said that
Oyyyy
Uhmm
Oyyyyyyy
Ws all gir agam
Cuz its promo
Not gift
yea ik.
Aga ws all gir
Hamza az atarmisin
Hmm i thought you are Turkish
Laan
Lannnnn
Hahahahaha
no more than Vladimir Putin.
Hahahahahahahahajaja
ok.
Looolll
No more than Donald Trump
how do i still see the tickets 
thank u for asking
Hamza 4k
nitro forgor to add that lmfaooo
No more than, Melon husk.
Durrr
junix co owner
Bj all gir hamza
how much you want it
mereko de lmao
You won
No more than Amazon creator
Aga bj all girrrrr
O ne oluyor
Wbj all yaz
Timed up
Elon Musk
Hello daughter-in law.
Wsc e
Az atcak
No, Jeff Bezos
Wsc all
Aga cf t all yaz
Wupg efficiency all
Wbell
W cf t all
not funny
Sending
Wcf t all
Mk
Yes, buy it, my son.
Thats Expensive maybe
 chill bro np
Guys I'm sending nitro
W koy
Wsell all
Haa ji
asist dmed u ?
Cf all gir
Yes he is offline rn
give cc.
can i work as mod
Bj all bas
Wbj all yao
or admin
No cc
Nhi
Kes lynx
Ws alp
Hmmmmmmmm but even wice doesn't have that much
Bas lan bas Korkma
Lmaoooo 
Yumruk
Korkarsan kaybedersin
Nitro classic claim will not happen
We must have old version
Wtf Musk is your son
Hamza ws all gir
Gir kkm
Bas s all
whaa
you haven't got nitro yet?
ahem
I am chillin brother.
Durun bi mk
helo
Ben bijna thuis boys
No, I'm Elon Musk and you said "Elon Musk I will buy twitter"
He is offline I was sleeping yesterday he I'll give when he come back ig
Yapa bilirsij t
Aiiiiiiii
I'm thinking of getting Nitro Boost but I need credit for it
nice bro
Yoyoyoyoy
Wair
At this time we don't want
Tmm iyi simdilik
Idk his btc
Yuneuk
But i knew his pp
Simfi sijdik
Ne yapcam
next year he will give you the money you are ask
?afk
Hdhdhdhdh
Kurtardik
zoro pfp
Hamza cf t all gir
ik wil je nieuwe haartjes zien 
No need
Cf t apl
oke kyano
pp?
He will have many.
We don't want at this time
Bja ll gir
he dont has pp
Christmas gift
PayPal
Olm sakin bak
If we need any mod /girl mod/ admin than i call you
He has
Hwycan yapma sakin ol
Promo?
Wbelp
zoro >>>lufy
i have luffy pfp rn
he told me he didn't use it
basically one piece characters
plus i cant find zoro pfps
Bidaha
Sigma
Drinking tea right now
luffy>
Want Staff role
kom meeten
bro, when you are changing pfp select gifs option. and search zoro roronoa you will find many.
Ws bir gir knl
HE IS Nothing without that devil fruit powers.
but they dont fit pfp lmao
Zoro has natural powers.
Wcf all gir
Cokie atana coki
W wc all
you can adjust it but.
All chat with green name
Ws  all  gir
T gir bence
Hanza
Ama kazandim
Bro he ss me his account pp
Bj all  gir
All helpers.
Uyyy
Turkaya atiyom
Bana
Eyw agam benim
Turkay adamsin
Litfen
Lutfen
Hamza agam
Nolurrr
Pog
Some one gift me Nitro lol 
Atarmisin
lmao 
send more
Senin ben anin
kardina bhai villagers wali baat.
Wlb all yazsana knm
Orp cocugy
Donator^^
Ok dm
Atim hadi icinde kalmasin
W sell ew
W sell mw
W sell rw
Eyvallah agam benim ark at
W sell lw
Sos
W sell uw
look at what I wrote to you
Lol 
Free nitro drop
Hamza banada nolur
sen benim ikizimsin
or buy it.
Haahahahahahhaha
Nitro basic is cheap anyways
Gday I'm at school with 4 inches of snow on the ground
btw.. i can still see tickets
how do i know yes but if you want to change the name I will
Hahahahahaah
Eat me then
Haahahhahaa
Isn't there anyone to drop nitro
HHhahahahhah
Mod and head mod
Hi Fine thnx for asking wbu
Enayi
Alr but not won
Dhbang
Ohh fair enough lol. I don't know French at all, I get a few words just cause everyone knows them but I know Spanish 
I see,oki thx
or be loyal to us you will win.
Aga bak bir
Oo
ok siktim ya
Ondan
Lannnmm
wdym u have it
you are not supporter and not active too.
I need to have supporter
Supporter role only shows if ure online
Oyoyoyyy
The bot removes if ure off
uhm..
Well I am online
Sakin
imdi kaar
Kesin
Kim?
I know German, English and Turkish
Oha
Sanane
No ure status is off
I know Russian and Polish
Hmm?
Ooo
konsa
Kasincada dileniyorlar xd
I know German, English, polish and little bit spanish
See my status
W xp
thanks bro
Wxp
Oha mk
Hello I'm back
I also know a bit spanish.
Arigato guys
tum mera comment dekho
Tomiw
that Que thing.
W sc m
why?
spotu se jyada like mere comment me hai lol
W upg effeciency all
profile colour kaisa hein
I meant konichiwa
accha hai.
I'm learning Japanese on duolingo
Eyw kendim
bhai cool banne chala tha popat hogya.
LoL sach mai
Wcf all r
Dm me
like sach mein bol like is it good warna change karna hein
Discord broke
Nitro KudaSai
good hai brother.
matching matching
Matches with pfp

mere friends bola og pfp rakhne ke liye
Hi
isiliye kiya
is profile colour good
S.   G
rewards sunucusu bilen dm
Hmm but fhir banned bhi related rakhna tha but anyways it looks gud if u don't care ABT pfp
Hru guys 
Banner*
the transition now is good ?
Sikerim seni ha bende sanki var mk
I am fine 
Good 
Ty 
Ure offline
W bell
Kinu ded
HOW
He swallowed that mucas
eww
i made it bit dark at top
mucus it is man.
Hell announce soon
Super active mods and staffs nice
CHECK MY STATUS
NOW
no man.
yessir
My sis told me lol
Ye idk how
I was writing mucus
skillz
ok, correct her too.
bro u wont know
Yesss 
Ye i saw
still nothing
Not only u everyone used to when u don't have any sense
Idk then
can u check time
W xl
Lemme crs
He cannot
Since he jun have to dm kinu
Sir 
sd
Not germ
They dmed Kinu so no
hm, Its unhealthy though.
Only if germ hacc kinu
bruh u dont always do
That's what
Lmao 
#KinuLife
It's a kind of excretion ig
yea.
Oeo b
I am talking about eating that.
its alr in our body lmfao

Yea.
IDK HWO
kinu l
I AM LITERALLY ONLINE
Gib me
Bald monkes
LUL
Ik it's like eating ur excretion loo
STILL NO
How r u all doin
AYO
LMFAO
I say rigged
kinuuuuuuuu
Damn Wait leave
finw wbu
Since kinu is dead
Prolly touching grass
bruh the heck
Ure online now
YES
no bot thx bro
Put .gg/neogw in ur status
BUT NO SUPPORTER
my bot console is stuck on this
Its 
Monkechu
Restart discord again
Oh man
its installing packages
NOOO
is your CPU icon red on the side?
wz
Last try ngl
I give up
Wz
send server ID, i will temp increase CPU so it can install
check my status
Alright sounds good
LMao
Finna get timed out adding this role
wait is it angie
wxp
Who u?
Wcl
what?
Silver pulse
winv
Got my ordered parcel 
He did ad
In dms
Mhmm
wheres the vanity in ur status?
I guess its better than AirPods
Cool
Wtf is airdopes
Ill have to remove role if no vanity
I have airpods
me
Boat airpods are called as airdopes
Gimme role too
Restart discord ure not online
kinuuuuuuuuuuuu
Bilioz mm
Kk
$purge all
Put .gg/neogw in status
Boat what's that
Boat Airpods?
A brand
i restart
And keep status online
Wprofile
Boat is brand name
w xp
It's not in the us
w profile
Ye I got it
w rep
LOL
Its prolly in Asia but it's mobile accessories are top notch
?afk going to play badminton
No dm
Not online
Sorry for dead
welkom
why can't ""
W cf  all
Ohh nice
Anyone have mcfa acc
hmm ?
translte
Anyone have mcfa?
germ wym 
M online 
Wping
selling GTA V with a lot of money and cars + houses in online DM for PRICE
s sell all
you should roll me
Wmilk
w ping
bc I deserve robux
I'll do it
Checking if did
Ticket claims?
real server?
Wspeed
Ty for boost
Why do u deserve robux
Very real
cuz they deserve robux
im a poor little boy
the inc reward is real?
No its fake
Wz d
inv reward
hmmmm ?
Is this Papara?
No dm to claim
This is a real server
Stfu
You can reroll
Sarcasm
Yeah its real

Youre bad at it
u sure :fast
Wws
Dont pro ote here
idk guys it's a fake server frfr
Dmed
U can get a ban
im about to inv everyone
For real
Uncle grandpa i did
i lucky
Still offline lmao
Hi Ahmedov
Next step?
Okie
Nuke
Thank chu
ayy what
its real 
but u gotta win
i thinking its fek
win what
the inv reward
a giveaway
Sent
Dont virtually kill me
when the inv reward end
Yes u truco werent resignrd
Tumhe reply Kara ek
Fun fact bataya
Bye
How I can make  invites without vanity on mobile??
Bro the music quality is sooo nice 
i fr wanna
My moni wasn't wasted
WA
Rejected
And im velas superior so no
.com
HOW CAN U REJECT THAT
Backk.
On mobile don't work
XD yo sibling bro
Hello buddy
but whats the point
If boat ones dies i have one year warranty card , i can replace
Idk but you stay there now comply
Hiya
nooo
ill do tickest
for fun
which one ?
I've sent ss
Jukyung + shin hari mixed face
We dont know only kinu knows it so or he either cancel it or did smh
For now wait
boat ?
boat axa earphones heein
boat? 
i won something?
he has expensive one.
Yes 
boat is good
Ammer admi , koi accha sa kharidke Dede fir
oh, i went to shower
Yeah and didnt dm
boat are fine acc to the price they come for
Rip
classic pulse 
Tysm bro
Thts ok
Be staff first
i have some jbl one lmao
me want nitro
Dm Vox
Do remake if no dm
You have to wait
Can someone help me
I'll give a basic if i win
Idk how to host
eh?

I want robux
Even tho I put the bot token and all that
 mai khud bost ka use kr rha
Still not working
Dead or what
Once u putted in ur pfp
And i want you
Mb mb Dem was on win cd
I want u
Time fucked
whos that
omg im having auto react
ghost pong
its fine
I tried
i want your momma
which one?
Whr my role 
No req btw
But the CPU thing on the side is red
bhai fir mila kya
Mouth was open like this cat
I dobt have role ez
what shows in the console?
wait wha? patch up hua tha na be
Alr wait I show
Eyy crystoo
ha bhai tatti hai.
why am i always late
I ain't going back to her
Because ima fire fbi for being incompetent
Lmao idk if late
Kinda
you are like my frnd
show me
You won too lol
Is not here to keep it alive
Gimme roar
Check link For nitro boost btw Dont forget
WHY NOT ME?
He is booster
Won ig
Not frnd bro*
Cuz I dont see even after restarting
Winners Dm me Im playing game w cousins I ll pay When free
Checking if win cd
Bege
Bruv
By link
You did
Congratulations
Doesnt matter Cuz By link
I through I lose
Ohh axa vo bhi badnaseeb tha
Mr moon nj
Thanks
W Christmas gw
im not
I donated
Now try to win
Him
Ok, maybe my eyes.
Mee
ggs
He spamming me in chat
yessirrrr
Spam Cant Win
Reroll
ur eyes r tripping i
ahhh
$stop
Moon L
You seem online but on phone
Let me fix
$purge bot
Yea ig so
ICING
Bad boy 
Hiii germ
$exitgame
Ty for boosting 
There
Dont play here
Me on phone so it will show phone 
Not on win cd
man being a helper
Aliyim nitromu
isg isg
el oh el
Ginger hi hi hru??
I still dont see lmao 
NTI
Welp he never said that spam=lose
gg sall winners
HEdiyemi
Savcilia verirm
PNTI
Unfair 
LEPRECHAUN
Default rules
mods wakey wakey
Again
u shouldnt spam anyways
But you was late 
Universal
its annoying to spam
Next time don't spam
Sec
MAKE
I couldn't get nitro
gg to winners
I always lose
copied?
POLO
BANANE VER
RDI
i miss being staff in nitro cm servers
Can I get the supporters role
SCART
Ty pliz
Not him
SOPHOMORE
ok u donated to me? tysm send link in dms
Anyone can donate me nitro
To server
PIRATE
waddup chat
where's ur bb
Winner dm me
wth is that cat
hai pilzy hruuu
Brella, teach me to play roblox
I will give him nitro
This sux
Now what
Pings are fun
brrrrrooooo your nameeeeeeeee
u just got one grrrr
want me to spam?
i wanted u to win bc everyone has depressing anime profile pictures but u have ksi in ur pfp lmao
Geez
Bcz u won't give me roles
Yea
he is not rlly active
W gamer cat
he doesnt like to talk?
He is watching what his wife does
He is too stupid
k to the s to the i
But God don't want me to win
She Wice's mom
u JS ADMITTED
ya. im a good person
gel dm
I DID I DON'T WANNA GET DEMOTED OK.
His everything
**:flag_tr:  TRKLER dm bedava disney plus var**
wice can be my dad
i be changing roles every day
Enge nitro ate haha
So many pings,sowwy, ty ty
HELP
Seems like you want
A LEAST U APOLOGIZE
Cher...
cher be careful of junix btw
I wanted to say that you reroll better
ruthless
Your urge to nuke all lol
Hello hru today
just nike
Is Good
pls.
yes im scared
Stfu gae bish
im broke so i cant give u T_T i only got my nitro from gw
yes u are

Nitro, Rp, Para
Tommy
i might give u if i win nitro basic or smth dk
sHE ADMIN ABOOZED ME WHEN I WAS HEAD MOD
guys junix ruthless era.
No im  not
No come on
she admin aboozed me when i was head mod
aboozer..
STOP NAI WHY DOES UR MESSAGES KEEP DELETING
Come play
Nerd
wow....m
U getting timeout
And u nai as well
im doing great today thank you for asking
mr moon
see.. admin abooz
nO
stop sorry pls
Nakaka lito kasi sino e DM tsngina ng nagpa giveaway ayan nareroll tuloy ngayon
WHAT DID I DO
Good thing
YOO
they are hard working fam
is that diff with the gifting?
Yes bro, accept it
Fake they reset my invites
YOU ARE OFFICIALLY ADOPTED
sen yaz aq
/jk
btw is this a pet simulator discord server?
or only giveaways server??
You too
that person just won basic tho?
Hahahaha wala naman sinabi bawal mag spam tsngina
JUNIX ADMIN ABUSE ERA
Cheap nitro
Nah my coolness depends on my pfp
Some ranked
wtaf
Basic?
like bro tf
vox gimme cat clan
pilz give cat clan
Owner or role?

you deserve monke clan
trust
?lb invites
wrong
Spelling
-invites
wait what
remove monke clan and add cat clan
me gato
atleast now u know
skrt
means?
Cat Clan good xd
vroom
U mean
I swear i invited everyone in my group
Cat > everything
but it didn't give me the invites
Yk anything about that jeto guy lol? If he alive
ye and u won boost
cats are everything
just kys
U invite by vanity
I see still will donate,i need mega donator
youtube premuim changed my life real
BRUH
Personality
Anya is dumb so idk too
Dm me if you want to donate
IMAOOOO
it just youtube w no ads
n it will be donated
no.
THE TAB WHEN U
I left dc last Aug ig
its a waste
YK GET OFF YOUTUBE
pls guys help
THE BOT
so idk what happened to everyone
deleting ur msgs
Me took a break around sept
i have no cc
Oh understandable
idc its my sugar mommys money anyways
fudge brb
After lighting gone
HUH
Mc
after I resigned in ocm I left all ncms
where do u find sugar mommys
=nitro
He wants to donate ty
,vanity
give me nitro first
y u want to be mega dono tho?
y/n
BROOO THIS OESN'T WORK
in dms cuz he blocked me
But basic is dumb
like a puppy
ok fine ugh, u boost this one server u get yt prem for just BOOSTUNG
It's written bypass req,so yeah
its nothing
Advertising
really
dm at
Illegal
Demoted
no pls
$ar list
welp
how many ------ are in my store?
NO PLSS
wrong spelling
kai gros mano muzika draugeliai koksa nios mergytes dailiai paoks
Hey hey hey
I reply and it'll ping her
Guys I am back
u touch my tralalala
PLEASE GIVE BACK MY TRIAL ADMIN
uhh my ding ding dong
It doesnt
Who remembers me? .-.
I'm not rly sure
Nvm
lOL
don't remember
guys im actually crying
ohhh makes sense
too bad
wymmm
Nai is back
Ik ook wat een gezelligheid
IM SCARED WILL I GET MY ROLE BACK
Okayri nasai
Yeh I don't like voting everyday or checking inviter
back and dummer than ever
dumber*
While you were gone
wtf..
GERM
Go to school
And became smart
no..
u will never understand
germ will forever
be stupid
Imagine not getting nitro
junix dont
the loyal event
hahahhahaha
Yeah i told wice but he offline
Bu tarz pp isteyen dm
junix mad crazy
if u boost u have giveaway bypass?
magic
im sry junix
junix loves me
U harass nai u back to trial staff
He said he is playing with cousins
oh, tell him to do a simon says event that will be fun.
uhm ok sorrymamam
junix do u love me
only gws boring rn.
Aboz
they removed
I'ma head to sleep
Cya
That's not written in perks
abooz....?
Amle
terry 
omg back to active nai
Y/n
amlE iO
Add a emoji for tadmin
Where is trrr
I feel
Nah its a cool feature you gotta make it work
banned.
I only have one favorite here
he messed up.
its soo nice
Who is my proteg
who.
XDDD
soo fine
ME BECAUSE ILYM
U have to figure it out
my heart is broken mate 
If you do it ill give you smh
uhm me
like brooooooo imagineeeeeeee
Maybe... but no
Mines crushed squished ripped and all lol
what happend?
Anyways
Gn
I barely have some feelings
sad to here brother.
Simons says to give lixa ice-cream
That's life
I had everything.
I spend hours
days
years
decades in chat
Well it's their wish whom they choose
kom ook meeten
IKR
Man, you have it though.
Only active doesn't means loyal just
Ikr
Oud en nieuw gezellige avond samen van maken
yea, but he is.
isgoed ik ben dan bij vrienden
ja mag ook komen
OH LETS GOO
Understandable but his time will come
Just need the patience
Thx Vox
leuk leuk
Oh yeah it works
She called me ruthless so no
it was a joke
I said nothing
emojis
ilysm junix
Lene was my superior
ur my fav
Mees met z'n bitches
He deleted
Bro deleted the message
nee maar
Ohh
uhm xado
echt hoor
your dad wants harem or wot?.
vorige x waren we amsterdam
maar das tering ver voor haar
HAHAHHA
dus volgende x limburg
yk yk
YOU CANT CATCH ME
I AM FAST
trio
Xado is a friend from an older server an he is kinda inactive
Heb je d'r geprikt
I saw bro
Vox sounds familiar somehow
proof
hint pls
noh man
Maybe he was in lighting
in de stad ja
sterk plan
Cuz he was Thunder staff
I think thunder
kan gewoon
Hoeso
Hoe gaat 't met je chick Milan
ja prc
But how he's familiar to me also then
Confusing
die ene wel gebekt een x
welke 
maar tijdje terug
ho eens even
Wowww
zozo
Which you find entertaining?
Teveel bitches
dat herken jij ook toch
Kleine speler
Nee lekker meesie
bro be hi-
ik moet haar nog zien
op vakantie
dus eh
Ja dagelijks probleem voor mij
hey bisexual
nee dabkje
ahaha jaa prcs
Just check how i treated people
damn too fast
same i got invited by him
jrj
I bet u love your country
Je ging toch met zo'n dame
ja das al voorbij
dat wist ik ook
Yes i really 
nah bro aint getting her
Oh damn
Ik shipte ze vond ze zo leuk samen
shahaha
bro is lying
Ah jammer
nice allegations
is it a staff memb
and whyd he do it in that font 
ikr
bro wanted to be dramatic
he said he is checking the server if its real
overdramatic
this server?
proto
this server is real
I thought something else 
unlike thousands of others
Opinion regarding important things here on the server like promo demo
/bump
cmon
Ouch
ngl i agree
The thingnever mind XD
lene am i second in typing msgs
Make a spam channel Ill be on top of lb
Probs idl
I have faith in everyone so im gonna keep watching
me searching for sum puss- pineapple
-mc
Although the thing is halted since kinu is on trip
We can do it but wtv
Cringe
Bro staffs still aren't following the ticket rule
I'm gonna kms
i better get my head mod back
How many people in this serever
lemme win here
ill be active
since break
Why r u js staff
Resigned vel removed her roles
Omg I say I take a break but I come back everyday
WHYWHWYHWYWHWY
why resign
And now staff undercover rehired by me
Undercover
Bcuz youre gay
Stfu I'm gonna demote u
Jk
I am excited
No one truly leaves until it puts quit or on break on their nicks
What does that have to do w the reason nai resigned
The day i had enough ill resign without saying a word and you guys wont notice it
family trouble cuz ion have time for discord mainly
Dafaq
I'll resign if u do
Aw
Why we duped the channel
Ima archive one
only in Bihar.
Sed for her
Ok bye
sheesh
No ping unless emergency
Smooth bro smooth
all females
atp
Thats What I Am Telling
so junix was being fr
ur still mo
d\
got it back
Orospu cocu
Isminden de bulunuor
Female
Is rhis cmds maybe
This*
Has the role icon
Because kinu forgot to set role iconos for trial admin and co owner
yall need to make role icons for em
cuz its confusing
if this goes on like these, then many memes will start coming.
W top cash
Ima do that and then see how many msgs has my favorite
Who is your fav
bru im supposed to be watching a movie but im on tiktok instead
Mateus
wbm
Ooooo

Hruu
Hruuuu
Me gud wbu?
Girl
hgh
Hello I'm back from badminton
dn at
Gooddd ty for asking
Gooodd
Im bacj
When u become staff?
Gtk girl pfp man
LAN DM BAK
Sup and vip
the afk
fiaeld
typos
And I'm back guys
Vanity done check buo
help what
No u fool
Still I didn't got nitro
My giveaway reward
Hru?
She's having family issues rn
And btw
U should change your profile photo
Now trial admins have icon
#pfp
Im good
People think you are girl
Vip too
Is it because of my melody
Or melody
Shes adorable
Me go also eat
Wait should i make it to purin
I'll dm you wait
Sorry for pingg
My banner is too big
:%
:<
Who skem?
O that's rough
Black niggerss
Hey any senior here i have a question from you
Black niggaas
Ban this shit
BLACK
nigers
Me.
Kid
,dm
Its brown
Im black
Omfoo
Nigg
Can you tell me what is your profit of doing daily nitro links
Pls ban
Nigaga
I like hello kitty so dont blame me
Dn
Fiyat
And purin is cute
Ruk Teri. To maa chodunga
I cant see the banner lol
Ya?
I'll send u ss in dms

Hm dekh tu
Purin is cute bro
:C
Iski ig udata
Rukja bass
Fight in dm's
Not in the server
Thoda laura hai kya ya pura hi
Kindly go to the dms
Yo king
Hi monke
Kya kru boh loura Teri maa ki chut m gusa dea
I gifted monke nitro
Hey yall of my fans
Ask him
What is chodung?
?mute
he is swearing guyz
Chup bsdk
I mean how you do giys do profit
Guys do u want Nitro drop rn
Here
Bsdk chutiya
Ehh
Lyf
I timedout them.
Monke already sent this
Hehe youre so funny
they are swearing.
I sent monke gift
Not working
First*
oh man, I died laugh lmao xd lol
Something funky happened
Hahhaha
xDd
hello brother
This guy gave me first 
brother hey
Hao
how are you man?

Gud
:[
Fine man, what about you?

Asist
promo link
Yems
U want
because you are.
jak to przetumaczysz jeste kup
so what are you doing
Omgg
Cael bot
Back bot back
Siuu
then I'll be a transman
y/nn
Bs karo ab
$greentea
Was it necessary to do it in vain?
Its legit
No lol
Sussy cat
Saying no
Someone did no is see
Not rn
who was the owner og cat gang?
Nuuuu
MEE
somoks
somoy
Ya all
Yes I want
night
Ghatiya
/roles
hatrie
lust
Lustre
pillar
ultimate
Light
Dank
dance
?afk eating Banana
brother do you know who i am
do i look like a man?
Banned
opton
what's up
oof my bad, I thought you were a boy.
Who pley Fortnite
Your a cat
register
Register
Didn't saw your bio.
No, pure cat
ye but what's his user?
exactly
He was cat
Name cat
el gato
Rim
$blacktea
ousted
w s all
Inner
@FrostCold xd
oh don't know him
Vitamin
vitt
vitamibs
that boy used to be on this server
vitamins
Moon you're somehow familiar
Yayy
Do anybody have cc?? I want to claim promo link
lan be
What is cc
ultimately
Ultimately
Promo link still works?
Credit care
Credit card ofc
MAT
Mattress
Coefficient
I deleted my file 
I would shoot you the promo but I pulled too much
corporate
Promo to get what
coefficients
funni
geol
Feol
Nitro for new users
i need a new card so xd
Role
Nitro promo
Geol
geols
ok but when did I ask
I have no credit card sad
Geology
Fake supporter
solve
Sold
You could claim these promo link if u never had nitro
Soldier

Oooo I never had one
Yeat
rerolls
as if anyone will give. Go to shop and buy cc.
Born
burner
Buried
Burning
burn*
I donate when I have nitro
rewards sunucu atcak dm
Lymp
Umpire
ok i will give you gay role

Lymph
Bro you are wasted timer
cock
Lock
WTF GIRL
NOT GAY
You have problem?
Nca
You dont know English?
there you go
lets goo
it will disturb
Says u 
asist will ping,..
Where can I get free netro
lmao lets see
hey cuties
Five
Ivermectin
Oreo
hey girl
Reoccurring
reopen
What happen to this channel?
Reopening
if u aint a pussy show me 
Nike
inkening
Pneumonultramicroscopingsilicvolcanoconiosis
Bros quiet
Paln
not gon lie this nigga got yu rn..
Wasted timer
LMAOOO
I asked
Nollywood
For ss of ppl who said that Im a scammer
Not of our dms 
tere pe h tho ittna sara
?afk ...
Average
Perg
Bro blocked me because I got his supplier for free 
sad life
Ergo
Merge
I want my level back
Large
aaa my net was gone
SIVMORRIS
Are jaa bhai muje jua nhi khelna collect karna hai
SIVA
waah bhai
Urs?
Hmm stop selling yes logically
This is my main acc it got termed I want the level back
Ok wait
If I'd get that card that time,i could activate that one free nitro
can borrow pls
Among
Orse
Nigga that are shops of other ppl
Retard
Can anyone help me 
thats not the supplier himself
ikeon
Had tons of em
Umbrella

He doesn't say anything this
He doesnt even restock anymore
so stfu
Incisive
/messeges
Fucking kiddo
hm let me see if i have any left
Wth
Stoping selling aaa?
No slur pls


This was my main acc which got termed
How could i trust you
Delete this msg
pedon
smdmdmd
eek
ezzz
Have ?
dmdmdmmdmdm
AHH MAN I swear my mom
Can I got pic perms?
gone ded
average
Wrong ping
nett
Check my messages.
Roti
rotten
 basic 
Bro check dont stoping hahaha you have problem
Noun
dm me or GAY
liab
fiab
Unfortunately
leo
U gave me a wrong supplier tho 
School
Pic
Qtf
Amk
Nacho
Anan
thx :D
Nominated
 its worth for you  
Ocash
Nigga sold me a supplier that doesnt even sell nitro bst anymore and saying  its worth for you  
What degree are you persuing?
Crysto won lol
where?
Phele
ded lol
nvm
ok i know that.
BRO YOU come when the chat is ded.
Fukdndbhsjs
FA SATILIR
Interest
Doing good ig thank u for asking  how abt you?
damn damn damn
fine.
Hdusksk
kitna chiye
Wzrok
Eski nick
fatihdi kurucu?
ayo bozos
Cok eskikerdenim
Cano cikramazsin

verify me gays
I'm actually new
Chat revive
now spamming starts
Elloooo
Whhejdj
verify my ass when
How are y'all lol?
Ty for the gws
Wssp
Oke
Ala
olsa cekerm size nitro
utne nhi hai brother sorry.
Nah he didn't mentioned lol
kitne h?
Ayoo
owaowa
Let's see if I win 
Am I getting a prize?
I am already active
I'm online now
haha, in advance.
Welp Imagine If I won again
Let's hope
Me too sometimes but sometimes being busy XD
Never happen
Gm
taam at bana nitro bana gerek var
Won't ig idk
Insecure and uncomfortable lol
Elma
Whos this kid
Hes funny
I just answered above
Oof okie
I can apply for gw manager right?
not much i think
Someone give me free coins
/daily
I know, but these days i dont thing that was a great idea. LOL
;;nobeg
I was constipated yesterday and then I had diarrhea
We don't need to know this
Check in the market or dank channels, not here
Give more detail
u got any remaining?
HORSHOE IS OVER
/drop
Watermelon
/scratcg
/crime
Why are you asking here. There are tons of ads on the market. Just go accept one
W or l
the market is always changing, but its never exactly what you want
Okay, well I told you not to try to negotiate and trade here. So use the market or go to dank channels and ask there
/weekly
dhbang
guys, what is the highest amount of money you have got from a heist? just asking
bro he legit said he sold them so i asked if he still had any, i wouldve taken it to dms
alright, dms
drop is making me rich ngl
Wait drop?
how i steal
mhm lucky horshoe
u can always accept offer partially
the drop is over
It ia
not always sometimes ppl disable
Aren't horseshoes shop items?
mostly
I don't do that
Whens the update tho
Aren't they shop items
Its almost chrismas for me after tmr
When it's ready
the drops running our so fast  
Updatettetete
they will not remain for long
Will it be ready by today or smth idk
what leaderboard is this
SHIT
I hate Spotify on mobile
Bro...
Asking more and more isn't going to change the answer
you sold for way too less
ikik im dumb'
Bank
but whats the answer ? LOL
i was impatient tbh
It's alright, that's also a good profit
he cant tell
But whens it ready? LOL?
yes, but it wasnt the amount you had to use on the store
When it's released
Easy prob tomorrow maybe who knows
ready what ?
Oh I think its going to be ready by mabye halloween next year
Ah well anyways,
fight me bruh
W cl
General gel az sohbet edek
ill end you
come to music vc
i aint done
Reroll when
You tell me stoping selling 
Hahahaha you have problem
L reroller
Leo's dms are open
Dude.
no hablo taka taka
n- what
remake so i can win
warfreak ew
U know how check time diff?
No fighting
who asked you
Copy id from the message
When did I tell u
Show me rn
Is there reroll?
what are you gonna do bout it
Alt?
It isn't alt
Chaotic
leo sucks
Msg id, not user id
ALDFKDFLFMV
maybe in msg req
kid dont do that anime things its cringe ash.
Msg ids
Pro rerolled
no one gonna stop me
no one asked abt ur opinion either lmao
Winners , give me your msg IDs please
wq
Brh xd
wpray
being a helper doesnt mean u have the right to be a warfreak
if they dont msg in time then yes
ew so squammy
what going on
.ddr
Nigga show me the message
what that mean
ohh alr
Its user id
nhi, ping kar koi admin ko
whats going on is that you should shut up
Dont send me the chat I can see it too 
u dont like sleeping early?
Send him tutorial in dms
duck off
Brain dead
Yesh mommy i don't like to sleep early
nah idc bout youre opinion dc
Brk i send you
like duck of
what u doing leo T_T
He doesn't know how to check lmfao
nee hij hoeft geen eens te leren
I agree, one of my pfps
but sleeping late is bad for ur health
Late
hou je snuit
thats mys sis
Aditya didn't dm me
d = f dont think im nice to you
on my pc
Where show me
You can remake
Not late
Read the screenshot
Reroll for one
Warning for no reason
Aditya one remake?
Brother Im sorry but your sentence doesnt make sense
for mommy
Who is rerolling the second
Remake and reroll
How we know if thats the true id
Calling mommy isnt wrong
bro how 

sus what?
Dont delete my msgs
what's the problem/
it's not nsfw
Stop talking
My network is unstable
BRO U DUM
U stop deleting my msgs
You told me that the supplier I sent you stopped restocking and I am sending you that he restocked today
Gay stop
dumb f i didnt ask you
istg some of this new helpers r so dumb
Dumb
Ok lets
what did he restock tell me
La bu adama cikti
And how many did he restock
He cant even copy id
Not alt too
Bro really did win
This my friend
The first one is alt i think
Copied
lol i won the nitro gw
Wdym?
feeling entitled
Anncm the winners
This is your id
Nitro boost
No, we dont do that shit
Both nitro classic?
BELE SORGU STEYEN DM
christmas w
Pp koy belli yan hesap oldu
$purhe human
Gz
$purge human
saw your msg
Pls once more
But he did
what was that?
Oh someone said that earlier so i thought that
sleep left???
Backsie
Yes?
This was chaos
No, its not,
Dadasadaaaaaa dudududu
nothing its a joke
khawkhawkhaww khawkhaw
BRR
skibididubdubdubdub yhth
th\t
Oki ty for the clearance
Can you teach me how to pvp
he got luck coz of that ig XDD
Hihihahs
In?
hihihhahs
Hai
Ignition
Haii
okey
One min
Ogres
O genies
My fav
Emoni
Emoji
is `gg/wook` legit server?
Okk
Magnet
el pepe
Tak
wcash
nice once
Wygrae
dont work fr
;D
Sara
when i will got the support rol?
Ochoose
Do wz
Hai bluu
$Sup
I didn't get it XD
yey
Pic perm in how much msgs
Ahhh  sorry 
Use gfish , dove , crocodile
you are going to give bariss nitro
Wteam add gfish
This command
Wteach add dove
Team
Of course
I have the fish already added
Bruh already checked
Wice da
Wteam add dove
Today check the picture
Ok add the rest
ANYOBE HAVE MINECRAFT ACCOUNT
I NEED
ASAO
Do wteam
Im asking what
dont spam
RNA
not when
ITS NO SPAM
type in one message
can u remove warning?
Random
Wait how old are u
Abbreviation
Why
Idk she asked 
Wteam add dove sheep
Cracked?
No warn xD
Mwi Wice wrczy
siuuu
a ok xd
can u remove someone's warning?
wteam add dove sheep
what do you care
Normal for a reroller
bu bot yav
Nbr
yayyy
I didn't know that
some ppl like to dm even tho they didnt win
Ask them give back
So go to the doctor because you have problem
thanksss
i jak dostae?
Ik so annoying
Do winv
czekam
congratssss
Ofc,
naczekasz si pewnie
Wiv
brother, you are stupid, I can't talk about anything else with you, we say the same things and you don't understand
Pls pray
Tell name
kto wie
imagine the lag
Do wwc all
Zengim cocuck
Do ww again
Thank u lol cuz i did said anything sus
Click it once
And just click on third emoji
i asked leo to remove ur warning coz it is not right
ikr bro
what's sus with sleep???
Bruh this network is unstable
and calling someone mommy? i've seen ppl here calling someone daddy
as a joke lol
he takes joke so srsly so dumb
Yayyyy
niye acmadn
yea, that guy surely has
Do u know what the weapons do and which r good for the animals?
Do this
bilmiom ki istemedim niese
Not really
u said u r going to sleep
Cuz yes
Heh same
Its so confusing
i saw from a ss
Bad cat go sleep
Noe u
Blue
Blu*
Aga bende ucuzdan almam lzm nitro
With space
English pls
he is very bad fr
Bilmiyom alt vardi herhalde
Wait its good for dove
Rip Cat Gang 
r u a cat lover?
No wait
very good england
Its good for gfish
Peace
Babapro ichi
the leader got banned, right?
Yep as expected
Just add gfish at the last
Beni atmis ekipten yakan
Rip ig
gave u what and who
Yems yems
Robux istiyomm
Bot currency
Gecen bisey oldu senin yaptigini dusundu ondan
Sabah bi sevindim varya
Hesaba girince
why again?
Yep cuz they just go around asking for money and just never give back
who gave who
Not working
Para lazim
Olm nasil atti ki cok sacma
Borc
Weapon shart
Do wws
ka tl
Do wdismantle cw
Ben de hesab gitdi sandm discordu sildim
Wdismantle cw
And wdismantle uw
Wdismantle uw
And dismantle rw
Dismantle rw
Wdismantle rw
normal girmiodu
wqeqwe
Now try to reroll that
Olm ztn gitseydi hso durduk yere cok sacma olurdu
googleden girdim bende
wqeqweqwe
choose Wrong
Dusunsene boyle bos bos takiliyon dcde bi anda hesap gg bos yerr
Try again
Neyse o nie
Ayio
Benim kalbim durdu orda aw
Keke
Speak English
I dod it again nothing happened
Oh ok
blm
Kul hakkina girmeye gerk yok
Oky
Only English
aga translate kullanamam
Choose wrong
Me going
And do it again
Yo bro
U all nub
Onky
Hru 
Evet
Amin bro
Theres smt called the third option which is try again
Kardesim karistirma oralari
I didnt see that
WHAT NO
ka k alcan
Let me try with one of my weapons
I want to raid my friends server
:\

But idh admin
Perms
evet
That kid
Chick
Is a simp
Bruhh
Bro he's a
Mf
Ya i like that one emojis 
U do gws while I'm asleep
Aylik
Wake me up:

Yilli nerden buluyon

Hi cutie
Lmfaoo
Djdnnxned
ok sup
Hi bootie
Hey Frenzy
Hee sjxjdnxjejxjdnd
Letsss gooo
Dude istg I hate my internet
My friend was saying coffee to cofe
oof did u just wake up?
Yeah I just did
rip bro
And yoo yall

. . .
And sort it with rarity and page no. One
did u just wake up from afternoon nap?
oh back to old pfp
wait nvm it's diff
yes indeed
I will not give it was a survey lol
Okkkk
Will remove in one day
Everything doesnt have stat only passive
Shhh
:shhh:
Bro fr
Woahhh
bakam bi
Try checking the other epic weapons
Dmann
Gains W
What was tha pfp command
Pfp change
First i didn't actually believe it was him
Ww {weapon id}
Not pfp
I thought arnold
How do u check it
Og one
Bro wtf
Arnold god
sunucuya nitro verme mi isteyenler
But you maybe at least
The number on the left are the weapon id for that weapon
Bro u oro
Who r u
I didn't see it for a while
Lime imagine i actually thought it was him
People helped ke with weapons and team so i didn't know how
GIGACHAD?
Do it on some other server
No = ban
Not handome but handsome yes
Yes sir
Let me know if you find any weapon with stats
If there was any gay here,he fr would get a crush on him lol
wat moet je
Since when were u a staff
Ping me if you need anything else
I would have
like luffy one
Killed him
Namaste guys
Keshe ho

Baby we build this house
Of memories
Take my picture now shake it till u see it
Jij tagt ook zomaar zonder dat het mag, dan snap je hoe vervelend het is
wat ga je doen
janke
Here u go
YWS DONATE

flikker toch eind op kut niels
Donate me lel
ping jouw toch niet
Hou het gezellig
Bro pfp
Some days ago
pijpsletje
You've the role
(jij niet iggy)
Thought weren't accepting anym
Michael
Auto role
Bro i will remove this pfp
Huhu
By tomorrow
NAHH
Auto role or something
Don't remove it
Bcz members leaving
It's nice
Even if its locked u can rr
Ik weet ook dat je het niet tegen mij had
I can tell
Locked just prevents u from doin it
Cry cry
Lit bro it matches ur banner's vibe
ahahaaahha pinky
hou je in
but would be better if u found liek that with zoro
Imagine no nick perms dat sad
Gains 
Wsell m
Claim fast
SnAp Je Nu HoE vErVeLeNd HeT iS
Wsac all
Pls send dm
Legit??
m-m-me?
autistische zeehond
Plss
Omg so funny Hahahha
Im just that
Adorable
Bro pls send me dm
Legit xd
I am kicked from monke gang srvr
Rickrull
NOOOO
Oopsi
Could u say Wxp
daggoe
Wrong link
I wanna see ur level
i have question
ja genoeg tags pinky we snappen je punt
I never had nitro
You could have saved it for later or give your mommy
:-:
Send me right
Wait he was saying u?
Lol bhai baccho ko troll krrha
Ok take
oke top
Idh
Thought he was calling u a fool
Yes xD
Common claim fast
And syaing not mateus
But i actually didn't know that what was that
Ok claimed by me
Bro
Real?
U just copy my
If mommy asked me i might give her 
Embarrassing then
Cringe af
UOOO
elijah
hoe is t kerel
kijk die autistische zeehond niels
If u talk u will gain xp
Amber ben je boos
Sheesh
or bege win first.
The non commands messages gives xp
?*
What bege
U probably didn't DM in time
Nitro spams
I have a nitro too
nee is grappig dat niels zo boos wordt omdat ik stefan ping
W h
He is so dumb man
rens*
High school failed
K was daar net
Don't spam guys xd
je tagt rens
discord.gift/comeonclaimthisfast
daardoor was ie boos
server profile or normal
Do wxp
nu ben ik er hihi
Cuz I played dank memer a bunch when it was pls prefix
You won, but you were on win cool-down so cant claim
Je weet?
Gmm
goed met jou
ja snap
dommie
i can show in media
i do screan
Ohja snap ofc
Sux
KJOEN POEN
goed goed
kom je vnv call
don't send links guyz pls.
You want some stuff in that
Everyone gimme nitro
stop cringing chat.
dont spam this shit
Ja ik zat al te denken
Ook
kan wel denk k
+++
mss ga ik warzone met kindjes uit mn klas
haahhaha
discord.gift/npgmeEeZU SEVndQ
laat maar weten
stop this shit bro
Its hard to rob with slash command
Nah its fine I quit it cuz slash command not good on phone
Thats other thing.
noep
Send only unclaimed nitro links xD
cold-down wins, what
Whos give me nitro
 love nitro
i cry
So?
discord.gift/npgmeEeZUSEVndQ
No caps
Win cooldown
Earn it
bro stop bro
Can you donate me?
They aint even got dank memer here
stopppp
Lmao its ok 
Waar in utreg ben je?
zo jezus
Bad for u good for others
Yea i used to talk alot
Yeaa
I was not crining like you buddy.
Accident
bijna op centraal
kom je langs
brother you too :/
Who's the one cringing :/
That explains it
$lock
But stopped since my friend disappeared
trouwens bijna is een kwartier bij mij
If u send
That nitro link again
Ik ben momenteel in Vianen
Ik ben net onderweg naar huis
I will timeout u
Yknow why kiny added win cd
$unlock
Omg nai
i'm unlucky
CUZ I KEPT WINNING
Yeah fr
Kwam net van werk
Ok sir
AND NOW I DONT WIN AT ALL
Ohh sad
Send link = gay
My keyboard
Selam
I js won
Maar wat ga je in Utreg doen Mees?
Link = ban
Not u
ah balen
hiihi
Person Below This Msg Is Gay 
Imagine someone dropped untaken Nitro here
Ban = link
Same my friends from a year ago dissapeared
hoe ging werk
Or maybe
VVV Vianen
SHUT THE FUCK UP
Pls no req
Ga daar langs
trein ahahhaha
I thought you were stuttering
Someone drag me to my grave
Vermoeiend
OH WAIT I DIDNT KNOW THAT U HAVE DIFF
You gaw
damn gay guy that guy bro
Hello .d
Ja best erg he
Now I cant even win one
Person who's name is stan is gay
Don't mind my mind
btw server
jJIwbisbdjsd
snap ik
OEJEDKDJNRD
Ik was daar vanmiddag
Lene see your icon
Don't stfu
Waar is me nitro
beetje wel ja
BHAW BHAW
YAY
THABK U
ok tysm
De I ga zo Turkse pizza halen
i had to check coz i was confused T_T
Ik zei tocg je krijg ni l bozo
Link = gay
Am Mc Stan fan so don't again say that
oehh goeie
he got mad.
ik wil ook
Ik ben weer blut man wat bdl je
Shreky
Stan chapri
Klootzak
OEIII
IM COLD OK
Shut up
its o fucking cold here
Wat ben je?
i like animated ones xD
Shivering
Who is that
-_-
Aww le le
Blanekt
Heater
Jackrt
What was it before
Dard hogya
Bhai ko
A hand hesrt
Chalo stop this trollings
The hand? 
Oh wow it's u
LMAOAOAOA
Probably this guy is a kid he is talking about a cringe rapper.
honestly

Bro no
Ik heb mijn leven lang in Vianen gewoond btw
But Samsung ver
yeah its me.
Sexy
Iykyk
Anupama>>>>>>>>
Shit
.gg/christmasgw
jij wel
Dus ik weet wel waar wat zit
No man
en hip ook
Hehe ez
Ik wel
Wcf all t
elijah we moeten binnen een maand meeten
Am not kid i just like his songs
anders ben ik in thauland
thailand
dus beter maak je ff tijd
Charas ganja
THAILAND IS LEUK OMG
I have them all on
thats why you are a kid.
I'm literally lying on one hand
Yet I feel cold
Phonk crying in the corner
You're the founder and no nitro
Weak?
Legend
ja h h
What's the temp
And u forgot heater
Co founder
Blind
also he was talking about you not that person.
He donate nitro
Ik tijd?
Umm i need to go now
say whh
ja:)
Jij tijd
why*
Donate me nitri
Cua
Jij bent altijd druk
Wym
Cant place Heater on bed
Kan je Thais praten?
ja ok
Breh why you start trolling if you don't like someone shitty pps
i love nitri
Beside
No he ban u
In room
Still works
Ok dm me for nitri
NItro is shit thing just for flex.
maar elijah noem een dag
Nitri my live
Damnn
ik maak tijd
voor jou
I fuck u
Bro how
I still cant decide
Ik ben ziek
Elijah das speciaal
ja niet nu
Dus wachten tot ik beter ben
NOBODY WILL DONATE
Cuz I kept winning
beterschap
don't use cmds here.
Don't use here cmds
Isn't it assuturo
Stop using cmnds here
Prob not
kom dan samen naar de bouwmarkt
als date
dat is toch romantisch
just a villager thing.
Wattehel ga je bij een bouwmarkt doen ga dan naar de ikea kan je gelijk samen een bed delen
That's what elma does
U can only gain more money if u level up,gamble and win or from checklist and daily
Bro joke
You will get nothing
weet ik veel
oh wait u also have the bolt thingy
AAHAHAHAH always that one
Lol rip
Ab chala gya wo
Ye read dms btw
Humesha ke liye
For him
Ab charas ganja stan ki bari
AHAHHAHHAHH
BRUH WHY
How many time he got muted?
Man he is unprivileged kid from a village. he won't listen.
SHUT UP
dk.
You like MC Stan?
enige wat ik kan is snel schaatsen
voor de rest niks
Why u have to steal their money bro
geen zieke rondjes ofzo
Dm bak
Just songs -_-
huh??
Oh mensen die dat doen zijn gek
Yeh ** ka bal merhe samne ban rha braise
Show was wcash
Straks val je en komt er een persoon met een gekke snelheid over je vinger schaatsen
cringe shit he is.
Vinger wef
ach ja
_continue this shitty chat my msgs are increasing _
Dat is oprecht gebeurd waar ik bij stond
kan ook niet op drukke schaatsbanen
ja same
Thats true
here and fantasycm
ambulance kwam
I'm gay
Ook niet leuk nee
ok, are they legit?
told ya
Yes assist
He abim xd
whats up?
The people that dont have legs  hoe tf do they poop and where tf is there penis
Aan de kant zitten waneer het druk is met warme chocolademelk 
ook goeie ja hahahaa
Fr once i thought about that
in your head
wetende dat die chocolademelk 4 euro kostte 
They use helpers to help them
penis in ur mouth
 eigenlijk maar goed
Ofc at toilet
everything in its place
AHAHAGA
Whers there penis
Umm they have robo legs? And idk about penis
Nah like how their food even pass
Tja
Meestal smaakt t ook gew naar kaka
Helpers?
skere chocomelk
man it is not on legs it is in centre.
They have fake penis
Das klote idd
They cant stay they die
Got stomach?
No like the people with only the upper part

jup
I've seen some bro
altijd zo duur
Shatap
Like this
beam doesnt work
they do it in heaven. 
They have a lil bit down part
Leave me alone
he may have some.

I think they wont poop anymore cuz like i think something in their body will get removed making them cant poop idk
See pic above
Ze mogen daar best iets aan gaan doen tbh, met het geld wat ze verdienden hoeveel mensen daar iedereen komen schaatsen das ni weinig kan ik je vertellen dusja
Whatt
Is this edit?
Ask a doctor lol
Ja prc
Wait youll demote me-
I also have seen this in india he had a skateboard so he can go front and back
i found one more gigachad
Ok fine
Jij komt ook echt van een hoek hahahahaha
For tha answer
Leaving
no man they will have some part left, or else they wont be alive.
Power is the only way so u are not mean
Hahah jaa
We hebben het over het voedsel wat duur is
Men
Maybe someone needs
and they are given some support.
Not skateboard actually lol,ik what u mean
Ill control your words with a timeout
Mo eten is overal zo anders van prijs
Not irl
U cant
Control me
Irl
Skateboarding with hands ?
Now its even longer
Who wants tho
ya, mostly at railway stations. and sad part is that all this people are trapped in a big racket.
Mafias.
Shesh
A man is building a rectangular house with a south-facing view on each side. If a huge bear visits the house, what color will it be
Xf
I hate when my network is unstable
You'll always were
Brown.
Lan etiketlemee demedimmi
Pink
Tamam
Etikelemem
Let's go
Pray at
Does he even have house
I ain't goin until I get it
no they aren't
Google
Lannnnnnn
nope man, common sense I have.
I dont get it
But ok
The bear becomes white. Since each side of the house faces south, the building is at the north pole.
Asapp
Someone chat w me
My brain isnt working sometimes
Where u fron
I'm from lebanon
wah
What is ur favorite food
Hby??
What did u eat for ur dinner
Kinda busy to Rank up
Lol loll l
White xd
Do u like
BRUH WHAT HAPPENED TO UR CASH
I d k
Is this the last season before reset?
U got now?
Roar
I wanna do autohunt
Lol.xd
WYM
oof 
dummy did u just gamble all?
LETS GOOOOOOO
I dont remember
BYE IMMA GO
Wat are you going to get
Yaya
With that
lmaooo
Sweet dreams
Bro cant even hunt
no cap
That is not possible
ask brother.
Wow congrats
Noon
I wanna autohunt
maybe.
Oh shit dc lags
bot spam yapma
;-;
bruv
spamm = noob.
Bro please
I go to bed at eight o'clock at night and when I go to bed I set my cuckoo clock for nine in the morning how many hours do I sleep?
Let me win
fr lol
Gl all
So many giveaways -_-
more gws
Hey all
the spammer is just for a losers
How to get monke gang role
xdd
yo yall
I never had Nitro
promo demon when?
Tysmmm
does anyone know?
then?
Ty guys
Thankyou
So true Ong
so eazy
oh okl
And your time germ?
Im bad at teaching
i try to get a promo
Meh
but its difficult
oof man, thanks for giving me more knowledge, ask more.
how much msgs do u have
so hard xd
Pilz my dog ate his own poop
And Im the only one Home
i dont check it today
FR TF
why did i read this msg..
Like i won and donated, I'll still get cool down or not?
can we gift gems..?
Only gift moneh
When you won
Today?
So sed
bruh wtf fr?
anyway gg no req
Yup
it doesn't work
Ye ik
Thank you.
I am poor
thats sad man, is he ok?
If you donated = No cooldown ig
so if i win, i dm u ok xd
donated what
Ah oki
**FREE SXRGU ATLR ATTRCAK OLAN /godzone**
tysm mate
Wice will say
I know brother.
She is okay xD
i hope im win
Oki, no problem trying
Bro how to unequip my current animals
so I can sell
It just needs to be in ur zoo once
good & sleepy
Hahahaha   
bhai tune jaabse cringe shabd suna hai har dusre sentence me use krne laga hai chakkar kya hai?
How to unequip
I have not done battle idk which weapon would be best
Good CD
rn is midnight here
shitty animals
Yeah 
Abe sone de
Have patience
he knows english
Huhm
Beacuse Cringe Is Cringe
WTH
uhh so how to do it? I equip them?
Ill claim
My nitro died
dang
He cheating
He won
he is always say why xd
Its just random
I have only one Legendary
No I guess
Whish this time let me won
same how to uneqip animal
Wdex glion
is he winning?
SAY IT
Lets see what Wice will say xD
Umm ok confusing as he said he keeping
I think no
w pray
Yayyyyy
who pinged me ?
OHH-
Scek
So uhhh
If u equip an animal and replace the animals u currently have u dont have to unequip
i was get jealous xd
Winners dm me
how to do that
Which animals do I equip then.
hi pees
its about the host
Bro just shut up 
host is winning
like..
As you
Bro dont be egoist
Just dont cry
chill lol
Still coming back here after stealing someones money???
i disagreed with it too xd
but just calm down
nah it just fine
bro how tf I can replace animals
Both paid
cuz his nitro ded
Whoo
Ping mee
Ehhh
he is really winning 
xD ss
Wteam add (animal name) (place u want it to be in)
Its fair
   
He can win like others
I paid myself
Wteam add gpanda
Hmmmuhmm
Ervaring mee?
so many ppl disagree with that
but ggs
im not a professional but
Copy and paste
im ok with it
I won nitro boost but I didn't add the hoster sad :(
Yo bhai
#Nitro Flex
OHHH YES
I LOVE YOU BLE
i think that guy likes his sister in a romantic/||seggsual|| way
I will tell somebody to stand downstairs and then everything solved.
Everyone is ignoring broo
and that he has
And now I have to change back my team
inappropriate pics of her on his pc
ignoring what xd
what-
I dont have dove
did they ignored u?
dude hwat
why am i banned from monkegang
wha the heck
look its zero
your is more logical. where do you get these puzzles?
just be neutral
whotf is kidding around with me
duck im an idiot
hello there
it means something completely different
scroll thru Pinterest quotes
That was funny anyways,he paying himself
What is this in pfp your profile picture xD
,     
ok uh
me not monkegang members be like:
he meant that his sister is on his pc and was typing all of that stuff
Bro, I got warned before for writing in polish, can you delete my warn please
I talking about box
Lets goo
unban n gimme ban immuity or something
I love you
W SC all
I'm always looking for things like this
let me guess, is he that vampire from high school dxd?
its called a gift
Wrh
could be better
Wdex dboar
Are u alive
oh, you are good at this then. Your iq is much better.
Wdex deagle
W upg duration all
and that gift is part of christmas occasion
decoration
Sed sick
I used to do that, I have books to. but stopped.
why tf am i writing decoration as occasion
he is sick but hes online?
you are high
but hmm
You wanna get mp legendary?
anyway ok
Do you want me to ask you one last question?
Keyboard noob
i dont sleep
i sleep
u peeps sleep
Yeah.
TjTjst
we kings sleep we dont sleep
Yea, thats why you are high.
u get that
ofc not
this is called
If i can't?
of being banned from
Oh right weapon s
monkegangf
prob u sleep in the afternoon?
i guess
what is sleep
bruh what do you want to tell me by this sentence?
i sleep not sleep
if u cant just dont mind it lol
Yappop
its just a nitro xd
man you are high on heroin.
not more
You guys eat corn
No like idk wtf they do
stop reminding me of michael jackson
W army ne olm
call the narcotics people.
So I cant tell u which is good for ur team
Sans
i eat nothing
but which one do you use
bruh? ?
Wcf All bas
maybe the quality depends on it
Tf
ur existence is interfence
Afk kg
W cookie
The passive too
A girl is crying at the grave. The mother of the deceased is the mother-in-law of the crying girl's mother. What happens to the girl lying in the grave, crying?
yes i took alot of pilz
im so hungry rn, will u gimme me some?
Dies


Leuk zeg
Fifa
Smart boi
no xd
Haihai
anyway let's ask another question
When what?
as a memorial
no she isn't.
mj typinh
comeon tell me if i m right or not
Yall if i was on pc i wouldve bought a nitro for yall, rn Im with my family and having a small early Christmas, Also i mightve broken my knee, i Will do gw for yall when i get back on pc ( nitro basic ofc Else i wouldve bought for myself)
ichibakri
She cry cos she didn't ate food
Wdex gsquid
bro do simon says :/
Wdex gowl
tell me that my answer is right or wrong.
of the question that you asked before.
Well i guess i love u now
Yeah?
Wrong answer
aight
Hoster and win gw
Confusion
Like wtf
Banned from monke gang & What
Shhhhhh
Rich
Thats just Big Braun
Why I am Unlucky today lel
ty i rjed
Ye is so much unfair
No I meant his grammar xD
There should be a rule
It's a difficult question xd
as hg
he can make ss so beautiful that it looks real
::)
ye xd it looks so real
very very
i gonna sleep
gtg
?ark good night
?ajk gn
a?dk gn
maybe i win on do-not-leave i can't claim reward too?
Bean
?agk gn
Anise
?adk
?ark gn
?afk gn
Not my brother
Pliz
Yes Vox?
I have a work for you
To do togerther
Dont say it related to PayPal pls
Someone do y/n
Who's banning them
   
Its fake ban
Remove all pins which has nothing to do with the server
        
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Russian ban
Russians omg
Im not Russian
Joke sry
LOLLL
?Bean
Im not Russian too bro
$bean
Weird joke, but ok
Let's goooo
WHAT WAS THE COMMAND
 
And monke
Fake ban me
 
nitro pliz
Fake ban meee pls
Ehh bro
Its joke pins
I will help
 s 
tell me how
Type Bean
who r u to try
Imagine banning wice
i did bean with slash
not dollar
   
Will work either way
XD xd
bot olmayan dm fast
Hi again
if you do that next time
I will mute
Ohk 
Boring
And sad
And unlucky
Type . $bean
security
Guys stop
time to heck n reid this server now that wick is banned hehe
Nah lmfao
$purgay
/nsrs
Joke pins
One more no req pls
he removed them in front of me
ty terkn
Np bro
u r true nitronke
Neden
Problem
Monke is a W
Staff dont warn pople for you problems
nice i made a nickname for terkn
I agree.
someone removed pings in front of me
Cuz they are'nt important
the fun pins
Who and whom he warned
We wish a Merry Christmas
the ones u said about
Yes but should be only important
Me?
Who is the guy that u muted
konfusioins
For my birthday
:l
btw guys
covid is coming back
go google it
F final exams
i aint  joking
Nah nah
Don't trust Google
I don't think so
He is sux
go read articles
Im gay but noone will see this because the chat moves so fast
trust news
It won't be back
Yeah don't trust google
asif
Bro trusting Google
There's alot of things fake
Its not telegram 
Good to hear
Trust me
u trust times of india?
or any other?
or the news on tv?
what do u trust?
Do some push ups lazy asses
I dont trust anyone
ur nitro daddY   /nsrs?
I've gave trust for some ppl that they don't deserve
WoW Junix  germ
bot olmayan dm atabilir mi
dont start
So I made a deal w myself to never trust anyone
daydream
Dono me
:L
Ok back
I don't even want
dont start what
Kate like pilz
What's that's
Ss??
Send proof
I dont care
yes 
Will change it after getting nitro
But why
Lol still????
Bro she loves u
Lucky u
Thinking about it
u should sleep
It's so early now
ur friday will be messed up lmao
Too early
I need nitro
Imdia
Bro my friday is already bad
FINALLY
Is that black humour? 
no wayy
Gtg Search YouTube Something
Dm me for claimed nitro
I go outside
This is why I can sleep very fast
Link= GAY
Today It Before
Help pls
Cuz yea
Idk why lol, I just wanted to joke saying "Wanna sex?"
pilz > ann
Hi dyna
Hyd
ok thats a joke
Hope ur doing fine
ann > anyone else
Full planning
Fast maths
If u want different rewards other than nitro dm me and I'll see what I can fo
But I fr got tired as hell
Same but not much active bcz of exam
Yes.
Geldin mi la
Your brother won the league championship
Bro bro
not mine, pilz's.
Wazaa
GN everyone
Use English please
Gnb
As said
Nub turish hai kya
/invites
Idk meri new language
Its staff chat so
Just do it
Maybe it will lead into a warn
Hry
HEHE
Hi, the guy who singed Thriller
The guy from fortnite
Billy Jean also
Maybe that's someone from monke gang
Go ahead
Bro fuck autocorrect 
They can disable it
Wcrown
Damn damn
It's just a random meme tho
Yes I like
Check promo demo if u didnt understand
But there is a role range
So asked
Dmm
You won here something or what?
Add. Gg/christmasgw to your status or about
no but the ss i got in loyal nitro i belive it
i have /christmasgw already
Oh, then good luck in giveaways
Be active here and you can get too loyal nitro
thx brother
You have to be supporter+vip and active
In the chat
yes i have both roles
like actually ive never won here something, and if i did, i wasnt sup or sum idk
You have to by active, asist and wicewater are picking everyone Someone that is loyal
And giving nitro
How's everybody ?
which?
not good borther
I only have 4 
what is not good?
I think you won here something but not dmed in time
I managed too many servers
who remove my message
ok i have supporter
ok bro dont mind sorry
im still confused on how to win nitro ngl
hello bros
do you like hoes
hi bro
no wayyy
goofy ahh joke
yine mi kazandin la
whats that
Ok.
no its not a joke
akceptuj
yea i think its a fact
how many?
no just because i'm active and get the status specific link
Many
you are unknown
dang man use to manage what happened?
what is going on actualky
tell all the server names in dms
dang bro
you are helper
you moderate
not manage
u guys are legends
claim attin mi
manage = admin+
When did I told you I manage this lmao.
There is no channel for Spanish language :(?
you are unknown so not good manager
Man, I know that shit.
Sadly there is no international chat
bro but who asked you?
my friend has better manager
also I am talking about servers I MANAGE not moderator.
thats crazy bro, but who asked?
discord should take actions on age verification.
don't "who asked" me you bad manager
who owns monke gang
I am not a manager of this server.
dramaaa 
 Man you are high I think.
what??
dont start a fight or smth
what did I do?
That kid irritating.
ignore it dude
arent u staff??
cause you have to listen to the rules yk
re-read guideline one
sorry man, I was little angry.
sorry man  deleting my msgs.
nws x
Ja jij ook blijkbaar 
Ok gn asistt
Bte
come to dm we talk there.
its goodnight tf is gn? Get naked?
It's the same
Goodnight = gn
it also means get naughty
Goodnight = goodnight
What?
how are u
Why didn't they ping everyone when they did giveaway
    ?
  ?
is that "milk" on the floor?
 
 
AYOO
OGMOGMOOIFSOUFDS
 ?
LMAOOOO
I thought it too tbh

?
 
   
 
hopm
i just won nitro in another server and i didnt realise till now
    ?
cya
not actually sleeping dw 
 
Reward sunucusu olan dm
JAJAJAJAJAJA
jajajaja

     
     
 
    

  

   
hellooo
I just got banned from a server due to talking english
: )
Which language they speaked in
what is this?
I didn't even know
Aren't you from France
Lebanese

Netflix
Heyyy
kk beertje
Shave ass monkes
all owners offline
i cant do simon says
Do tomorrow then
you guys want more y/n
grapje grapje
sewy
beertjes zijn gwn goeie
jow
jamaar
k wil weg
/lb invites
Sa netflixe karsilik 4yillik dc hesabi veriom
Look at these bots typing get member yourself
laat me turske broeder met rust
kerst is haram
DM AT
Should I add robux rewards?
Rip chat
Everyone is sleeping
dmdmdmdmdmdm ahdi aq
Ty for help
Wby guys
aika wannan a cikin tai na uwar garke
Gtk im fine
Gomis atti be
Hey guys hru?
Amateur
It was dead before lol
Anyways hru guys?
-invs
Fine, you
im waiting for months
Lol just nuked real people on shipment
od czasw taba
Nic ci nie dam
to ide ebrac od dzieciaka
Always be happy
on napewno da
.gg/gifzada yaz gir
nie xd
Yepp
a jak tamto zdobye
magicznie
Ty for asking
allegro
Gtk bro
Motlier
i said im going to beg diff friend
co xd
No moliwe xd
Magazine I'm assuming
Lmfao no
dasz mi w wita nitro na pv tak?
niee
Wygraj sam
Tutaj
bdziesz moim mikoajem?
jestecie przyjacimi?
Message was edited lol
Wole dac barisowi
ale on ju ma
Wanie nie
On mnie tylko zna
kamca XDD
Since when?
aha teraz tak?
okej
szybko ten czas zlecia
i jedna blacklista
czas zawsze leci szybko
;/
od ilu wiadomoci jest loyal nitro
nie wiem
Doesnt matter, just be loyal and active
Raz na jaki czas rozdaje czaisz
Losuje
Losowego
donate to mizu so she can escape 
*Sends a dirty penny*
go to the person next to you and call them a stinky stupid head
You'll get used to it
I hope so lol
true tbh
This server has changed alot so has dank memer
.lvl
sorry all the donations are going to me 
im a genius
So yeah... wish me luck
/craft
I hope you step on it
Do it cowards
you find batman creepy but fine with the joker?
Because joker is like us
Lol your welcome, and true that 
ale XD
zabierze ci odznake
bo to leci po kolei
mi sie zaraz koczy
Uhhh nicee
No przeduy mi si
Nie zabierze nic
masz p roku
Nie boost
no ale zawsze jest
i to za friko
bo nie zabiera hajsu
No gosciu ja to co ja teraz mam za Free xd
Wszystko
Za friko
Ban this bitch
ten server to jest
See rules
inf nitro glitch
Dumbass
Bo main owner by rasista
sprzedali pewnie
I zrobili drame
Usuneli
jaki serwer
Fuck you
You're whore
santa prob
lace idk if you know
Ur mom
Little bitch
suki
Yes sukie
na nim byla
Go fuck urself gay ass mf
Tam wygraem niterkoo
A to ona wszedzie na blacklist jest juz
dlaczego
Rasizm
no i ten jej chlopak
smiesznt
Tylko na tym lace dziwni ludzie na czacie byli xd
dlatego ja jestem czowiekiem ktry szanuje kadego
zagadka
Wtf going on here
ten server z emotkami
Pls speake english
Ten serwer community
zaraz mutywpoleca
no tak
Sry bro
i dont know england
But we all know polish here haha
Chat is broken
We need international chat
England
Ye, would be good
jak si masz
czuje jak lojalne nitro do mnie biegnie
Dobrze, a Ty?
iyi sen
jestem bardzo dobry
brat jest dobry
jeszcze nie smakowalem
brat jest smaczny
Im good wbu
czuje posmak lojalnego nitro
Gtk im very nice
Wiek skamany
He is lying
doprawdy?
And anime pfp 
pocisnal
brat hejtuje anime
His account got deactivated
To use discord
Everyone has it
Really?
Never knew lol
im england
Nee.
actually im from africa
fax
pog
brat tworzy discorda
ile on ma lat?
za gramatyka moment xD
kto xd
ja wiem
you know longest poland word?
Who? You: nothing
syn dziwki
check dms
konstantynopolitaczykowianeczka
Aha
Nie adnie
polski jest atwy
Search serv reward boost
voc why did you mute me
vox*
Deutschland
skurwysyn
to nie zadziaa
Why you abuse your perm
He didn't
He got scammed
ja czeka na lojalno nitro
Jestem bardzo dobrym chopcem
ayou guys
That doesnt make sense 
i'm having a issue
Ik xd
Youre beautiful, when your mom is beautiful
Hajahaahhahahahhahahaha
Jestem dorosym chopcem
can someone help me please?
brat si zamia
wat gaan aan op hierdie server
International chat 
dlaczego nazwae mnie bratem
He didnt
Ok guys
Translators are trash
its like in english: bro
Speake just english
I dont kan English
england is hard
Only polish
Polska
Polo is
ek kan nie engels praat nie my ou
Polonia
pan pudzian
Polako
to by nic nie dao
Suid Afrika
Speake english pls
Afrikaa
Jumbo jumbo
there was a song
bruh that text literally says i cant speak engilsh
Yeee
mj tata makumba by krlem wioski ja mieszka w afry
its a song
Im the king of the village
i live where slaves where discovered
Essa
Met je Twitch role de hele tijd lmao
kiedy nitro dasz kolego
Nigdy
taki kolega?
a od kiedy ty mnie w znaj na dc nie masz
giggity.
Jak ja ciebie nigdy w znaj nie miaem
miae
Kiedy niby
bra praak engels my ouens
praat****
bra nie umiem
jak nitro nie miaem
wat die hel se jy
twoja matka
dziwka
plj ci na mam
xdxd
tumacz nie przetumaczy wic essa
Poepjes
Cwel
Xdddd
hes saying rasist things
damn my ou jy is aantreklik
This isnt racist
Cwel to jest osoba ktra z przymusu musiaa si w wizieniu ruchac musiaa
Z kim
Jako tak
Tego typu
Widzialesv
Bo usuno
ja pisze na 4 servacg ba raz
Antyspam
my ou jy is n racist, hoekom?
Cwel to osoba ktra z przymusu musiaa si ruchac z kim w wizieniu
cfel si cfeli obok celi cfeli
jako tak
jk4j
xddd
nasieniobaganik
Czekaj bo dostaem nitro
sk
ej nie no daj
give it to me
we are friends
xd jak zjdb prosi hahahh
Zjeb
daj na voxela
Bo artowaem
Akurat
yg
zig
sperm trunk 
seeds bag
polecam przwsluchac
jo
masz randomowego typa na prof
A ty randomowego anime gifa
a ty randomowego typa
nikt lepszy
Ale nie chce
chyba pjd
dobranoc
Papa dobranoc
XDD?
Bruhhh
netflix varmi
im Kanye West
Zjebek
Pizdokleszcz
i don't speak Israeli sorry
Du hurensohn
thik hai
mai bhi hindi me baat karunga
teri ma ki chut
plz
jak wy to robicie
;(
maybe later ill get smth
:*
Ok i gtg
bro is going sleep
Watching stream
unblok eens
homotje
zony?
stoere vent ben je
eerst mij pedo noemen
en dan blokkeren
LLLL
ill boost later
how am i suppose to add my bot?
we have a video tutorial recorded, just waiting for PondWader to get it uploaded whenever
oh lol
Bot-hosting.net has a YouTube channel?
uh yes but no videos on it
I can't find it
i have recorded a video just waiting for the almighty pond to actually upload it lol
its private atm i think
uh i dont think members have those perms
first how i create a file w my code inside lol
Do boosters get pic perms?
I slept early ;-;
i never did that before
Ktos
they do now 
do you already have a file?
no i only have it in my console
You woke up?
cs im using replit lol
no like you have bot files right?
or have you not made a bot yet?
j4 jfast
i have my bot hes in the server
ndn
Yeah unfortunately
How was school?
Not very good
But i hope it's good enough
you can download everything from replit in a zip file
The mods are died
it tell me an error
wiem kogo
holaaa
ok que
Hola
Como estas amigo
and what do i need to do in the startup exactly?
$tu
bien y tu?
W zp
Mal
POR Q
que paso
Az atar misin
En dan is ie in de stress
want hij stuurt mij filmpjes van wapens
En dan zeg ik
Zeker wel lol
Je hoeft alleen het berichetnlinkje te achterhalen
Dan kun je discord eventjes vragen namens de overheid
w team
w rename gspider kiyici
En de overheid mag dat via de technische recherche achterhalen
zieke spam
En dan gooien ze de berichtgever onder te tap
Gaat alles goed Jelle?
En dan kom je zo achter een device
Maar effe Jelle
Vertel
De popo en de overheid gaat hier niks mee doen
Nouja
Dat weet ik niet
Geloof me
Zodra iemand een filmpje stuurt waarin hij verteld dat hij iemand 'neerschiet'
Ze gaan er niks mee doen
Misschien alleen de aivd
eyw
in tinypark
dun kavga ettik kusura bakma
hakkini helal et
Sende kusura bakma
eyvallah
Helal olsun kanki
Fawaka
adamsin seviliyorsub
Sende .)
Hi n word
Reis cookie atsana
w cl
guzel
sim ne
berk
Bende buket
AOODOWJFLWJFPWJOFKWOCKS
sen kizmisin
Hru giys
Evet niyeki?
Gys
he sordum oylesine
go sleep vro
the biggest?
sesliye gelseydim napcaktin
idk-?
cikardin sesten
var evet
or night
weird ass questions
stoopid
mathijs would get caught doing basically every single of those things
want ja
onhandig
buney la
soms
para bitti
guzell
Mathijs
buyursun ya sorun degil
istersen evleniriz 
Night bruh
Ksoskwkskksososksososo
Uhh go sleep
Not bad
Kendimi pp koysam dalga geiyolar amq
somebody better buy my kables sunglasses and 4 cards
It seems work stars have no use
i thought extra change for work items
alr brb
But work stars have no use
So why do they exist
AYO KYAN
Klaar is Kees (Jelle)
inde biri yok ama kanallar roller fln var
Ik vond het eerlijk gezegd wel lachen tho
Maar ik kan er niet tegen als iemand iets probeert te zeggen
En dan blokkeert
nasil caldin sen o hesabi
ye mathijs will never turn me on
Dan moet je echt optiefen
kyan seeing people in general:
_moans_
anyone else except my family might have a chance
Kan wel
ya never know
Fantastisch
Dan heb je iig beeldvorming waarover het ging
yazik
get to know each other a bit better before
helal sana
gg now
Oh joh
Vind het priem
Qh
wait u stupid??
Wrs ben ik het morgen weer vergeten
Drm
W S all
in front of me?
oo zengin
like fantasize abt them while in front of me?
W cf t all S
kral ya
Wvote
w inv yaz
W lb all
Wp cf all
W cf all S
Yapmam benim zor
W bj 4444
nasil katliyo bu kiz ya
Bende bilmiyom
Kavga
wut
gg
stay in server btw
ill remake and reping
yes late
Really late
Ima nuke this and u remake
Alr now
noreq
wow i first
end rn?
.users
Smells spanish
u wanna do rr or should i?
pls do and tell winner to dm me with gamepass
Doesn't matter let me try
Hold the phone
There it was
Alr gg
Alr two people are going banned i guess
Nah ita fine
besef t is zondag al kerst
-lv invites
?rewards
?z

Trey
Wsg
This dude retard
WhyM
Fuck off
Started insulting me for no god damn reason
Server is scam anyways
No it's not
You mean cause you insulted first?
Want proof?
ded sed
Not fale
Cool, took you a year
mensen die aandacht zoeken omdat ze zich vervelen 
ik wilde vandaag boba halen maar hij was dicht
IK HEB BOBA GEHAALD VNDG
OMG JALOERS
haqhaha
waar wou je halen
ergens dicht bij me shcool
ja da ken ik ni
k haal altijd bij yoyo in ut
FACTS
Can i get a nitro? I never had before
inderdaad toch
Unless you're the beanerup, then you get it without inviting
ooow
Omgi. Got nitro
Who got it?
Who claim
Dope I got it
Auto correct lol
Np, invite people for more nitro
You want promo for nitro?
Asked
with your Super Events server
Lol np bmw
Aaasa pings
Claimed for event
ig he wants nitro?
dat vind ik een hele goeie das ook zo irri
Mee eens
yeah well so do i
i need another month of boost
Yea lol
ye whats the bot's prefix these days
breh imagine leaving
If u get boost plz dm me
I will try too
I wanna check if it's legit
Its legit i have nitro check my profile
Today i got it
Yes lmao
I got in drops
Bro do u have nitro in ur stock?
I buy it whenever someone needs it
:kek
So buy it now
Just wait
Revive chat processing...
As of rn Jrmax is getting a year
Chat revive commencing...
/leaderboard
Idk why it didn't work for u
do u even have
Ok safe
Yes lmao how do u think I give em out if I don't have em
bro why dont u claim nitro boost
I buy the nitro whenever someone gets to the amount
Do drop
Like kyan needs 4 more invites
hi tod, I'm viah
Ok we will see if u give him
If u do then ill invite
Is this legit
whats legit
selam
Salam
But we need to see nitro boost
I have the nitro
No but should I add it?
drop is better
more random and fair
its for who is best
Then it's basically a race to see who claims it first
i have a nitro sniper so
gay kid
i aint gay
ur inviting people

ur begging


ur already do
sus

i buy nitro every month so shut up
U are rich
I already bought ur boost just waiting on ur invs lmao
Why you guys checking invites
I'm waiting for nitro boosts
Y'all need to chill with the pings
twangs for boosting

Im the biggest bird
Did u enter the giveaway
ur the black kid
Whats wrong with blackies
Let's see if he gives boosts
Its real btw
Lol bruh
Holy shit stop pinging me
send me gif with black noir walking with this bird
I just saw damnn
I need to shower quick
Geneerd te worden laatse keus te zijn vrienden kijken ni meer naar jouw ect.
This server's hot asf
Ur hot
now i dont gotta pay in januari
We just keep loosing pple lol
jhg
Egym
Worth a try 
Kyan
On the road to nitro
Chat derd
Ded*
See event
I need nitro boost
Poor PondWader lol
Dude has to handle so much
he was helping me with my ticket
and disappeared
Anyone alive?
Yoo??
No one is alive expect for me
Im bro.. Sup.
Admin

#IMadeMyNameComeTrue
Atleast this server is honest 
If he gives me admin Amma add thar
fll bot bruh
I didnt spam apoku
Dm him

I didnt even spam no one was even chatting at general expect for me
Dont joking like this bro this server legit
I wonder when premium support will release?
Another person who claimed
Lwgit
Yea bro
This server is a W
Since i claimed
I though someone was gonna reply to the msg espicially zhen
He woke me up
Legit server
I got nitro basic
:hurrah:
Since ur legit i will do for free
If u get nitro please boost this server
Lmk what else yall want for rewards
Its legit?
Legit++++
I was invited here
What is it
Just a place to hangout and also win some free rewards
or just give to me
Cause I don't have nitro
Imma run a new one
Invite people
U can get free nitro very easy here
To change names
God wish I had nitro
never had it before
i don't wanna invite
any boost rewards
Come on man
Ok its fine
It's free imma go broke
But it was important
And it was my first time
I need nito boost 
Cuz it's expensive
Oh LOL
I think total invites should count cause you can't make people stay
Soon i guess
use my temu link cause I need invites 
Please dm
Close
/close
Now wtf
But it paid
Why u say that
Btw imagine want money for like nothing xd
is arguing worth it
you can spend this time inviting ppl

Flexing nitro
Ban him
Ban your father ba
Your father
Why ban me xdd
Pinoy is Filipino right
For not buying Invite xd
Why you guys fighting for these
Why not working
Are they paying you ?
Its i allow
And you want money for this xd
Not its the problem
The problem is he want money for nothing xddd
He was joking
Hahaha funny
I need laugh?
Cringe kid Say xd
Stop ping kid
how do you even understand him
Isn't that forbidden?
Go invite more people

And you can't get em by arguing here lol

Well I will try lol
Gn boys
pls snipe
Q ago ac xd
Nada
Si xd mejor me salgo :v
I just did second boosttt
Woooooo
Hmnn
anyone wanna tom be invited to a server
i need some invites
then divorce immediately cuz i only want marriage gift
/jj4
Bro you going for another one?
I need boost
stop pinging me like wtf
Mistake
it wont give me the role
when i press the reaction
js there chat revive pin
@chat revive
wait i got it finlly
hello guys
who tf left
I guess instead of claiming a second one
I should try to get boost
drd
ded*
hello?
Howdy
all gone
I'm alr wbu
Yessir
everyone is bot here
Prolly sleeping rn
Marca n grindo fdp
Danku danku
they invited me for I don't know what.
hot
jeez thats hot
nice haha
lol
:thumbsup:
cool
NOICE
I LOVE THIS ONE
super cool
im so fast
y'all suck
lmao
it sucks lol
it sucks
bruh it sucks
bruh fuck this
fuck
shitty
shit
shitty pokemon
trash
trashy pokemon
ig thats decent.
yooo i love it.
JEEZ GG GUYS I GOT IT
